Dato: tor 22 des 2011 09:19:17 CET

lemma:    käymättä
fasihtta: finakeahttá

lemma:    huolissaan
fasihtta: fuolas

lemma:    kuitenkin
fasihtta: goitge
   -      liikká
   -      datte

lemma:    kerralla
fasihtta: hávil

lemma:    itse asiassa
fasihtta: iešalddes

lemma:    malttamattomasti
fasihtta: mášoheamet

lemma:    yhtäkyytiä
fasihtta: ovttatmanos

lemma:    kasassa
fasihtta: čoahkis

lemma:    kevyesti
fasihtta: geahppadit

lemma:    kovasti
fasihtta: hirbmadit
   -      garrasit
   -      sakka

lemma:    kovasti
fasihtta: garrasit
   -      hirbmadit
   -      sakka

lemma:    kovasti
fasihtta: sakka
   -      hirbmadit
   -      garrasit

lemma:    lukematta
fasihtta: logakeahttá

lemma:    erinomainen
fasihtta: sierra

lemma:    tallella
fasihtta: áimmuin

lemma:    ankarasti
fasihtta: áŋgirit

lemma:    kokoon
fasihtta: čoahkkái

lemma:    sen sijaan
fasihtta: baicce

lemma:    päällepäin
fasihtta: bajil

lemma:    päivällä
fasihtta: beaivet
   -      beaivit

lemma:    suorastaan
fasihtta: beanta

lemma:    tienoilla
fasihtta: birrasii

lemma:    noin
fasihtta: sullii
   -      birrasii
   -      sulaid

lemma:    kaikkiaan
fasihtta: buohkanassii

lemma:    sillä
fasihtta: dainna

lemma:    terveenä
fasihtta: dearvan

lemma:    täynnä
fasihtta: dievva

lemma:    viime vuonna
fasihtta: diibmá

lemma:    poikittain
fasihtta: doarrás

lemma:    tarpeeksi
fasihtta: doarvái

lemma:    ennenvanhaan
fasihtta: dolin

lemma:    totta
fasihtta: duohta

lemma:    todella
fasihtta: duođaid
   -      duođai

lemma:    äskettäin
fasihtta: duvle

lemma:    tässä
fasihtta: dá

lemma:    tarkasti
fasihtta: dárkilit

lemma:    illalla
fasihtta: eahkes
   -      eahkedis

lemma:    enemmän
fasihtta: eambbo
   -      eanet

lemma:    enimmäkseen
fasihtta: eanáš
   -      eanemus

lemma:    enimmäkseen
fasihtta: eanemus
   -      eanáš

lemma:    yhä
fasihtta: ein
   -      ain

lemma:    erityistä
fasihtta: erenoamážit

lemma:    pian
fasihtta: fargga
   -      farga
   -      hoahpus

lemma:    nopeasti
fasihtta: hoahpus
   -      farga
   -      johtilit
   -      fargga
   -      jođánit

lemma:    nopeasti
fasihtta: johtilit
   -      farga
   -      hoahpus
   -      fargga
   -      jođánit

lemma:    nopeasti
fasihtta: jođánit
   -      farga
   -      hoahpus
   -      johtilit
   -      fargga

lemma:    huonosti
fasihtta: funet

lemma:    yhtäkkiä
fasihtta: fáhkkestaga

lemma:    mukana
fasihtta: fárus

lemma:    hiljattain
fasihtta: gieskat

lemma:    koska
fasihtta: goas

lemma:    lähes
fasihtta: goasii
   -      measta

lemma:    hiljaa
fasihtta: gulul

lemma:    hitaasti
fasihtta: njozet
   -      gulul

lemma:    kahden
fasihtta: guovttá

lemma:    hirveä
fasihtta: hirbmat

lemma:    hirveä
fasihtta: hirbmat

lemma:    tuskin
fasihtta: illá

lemma:    suoraan
fasihtta: jalga
   -      njuolgga

lemma:    suoraan
fasihtta: njuolgga
   -      jalga

lemma:    lisää
fasihtta: lasi

lemma:    lopullisesti
fasihtta: loahpalaččat

lemma:    mukamas
fasihtta: mahkáš

lemma:    miksi
fasihtta: manin
   -      manne

lemma:    miksi
fasihtta: manne
   -      manin

lemma:    melkein
fasihtta: masá
   -      measta

lemma:    melkein
fasihtta: measta
   -      masá

lemma:    myöhemmin
fasihtta: maŋŋá

lemma:    ohi
fasihtta: meattá

lemma:    muuten
fasihtta: muđui

lemma:    näet
fasihtta: oainnat
   -      gusto

lemma:    varsin
fasihtta: oalle
   -      hui

lemma:    yhteensä
fasihtta: oktiibuot

lemma:    ei ollenkaan
fasihtta: ollege

lemma:    paljon
fasihtta: ollu
   -      olus

lemma:    juuri
fasihtta: olus
   -      jur
   -      easkka
   -      justa
   -      juste

lemma:    juuri
fasihtta: jur
   -      olus
   -      easkka
   -      justa
   -      juste

lemma:    juuri
fasihtta: justa
   -      olus
   -      jur
   -      easkka
   -      juste

lemma:    juuri
fasihtta: juste
   -      olus
   -      jur
   -      easkka
   -      justa

lemma:    tänään
fasihtta: otne
   -      odne

lemma:    tänään
fasihtta: odne
   -      otne

lemma:    ennen
fasihtta: ovdal

lemma:    edessä
fasihtta: ovddas

lemma:    uudestaan
fasihtta: ođđasit

lemma:    kotiin
fasihtta: ruoktut
   -      ruoktot

lemma:    kotiin
fasihtta: ruoktot
   -      ruoktut

lemma:    takaisin
fasihtta: ruovttoluotta

lemma:    samalla
fasihtta: seammás

lemma:    varmasti
fasihtta: sihkkarit
   -      vissásit

lemma:    varmasti
fasihtta: vissásit
   -      sihkkarit

lemma:    vielä
fasihtta: velá
   -      vel
   -      ain
   -      vuos

lemma:    laajalti
fasihtta: viidát

lemma:    kaikki
fasihtta: visot
   -      buot

lemma:    kai
fasihtta: vissa

lemma:    taas
fasihtta: fas
   -      vuot

lemma:    vaille
fasihtta: váile

lemma:    varovasti
fasihtta: várrugasat

lemma:    seisaalla
fasihtta: čuoččat

lemma:    kauniisti
fasihtta: čábbát

lemma:    kauan
fasihtta: guhká

lemma:    kauas
fasihtta: guhkás

lemma:    harvoin
fasihtta: hárve

lemma:    usein
fasihtta: dávjá

lemma:    huolimatta
fasihtta: liikká

lemma:    etelässä
fasihtta: lulde

lemma:    myöhään
fasihtta: maŋŋit

lemma:    liian
fasihtta: menddo
   -      beare
   -      ilá

lemma:    liian
fasihtta: beare
   -      menddo
   -      ilá

lemma:    monesti
fasihtta: máŋgii

lemma:    suullisesti
fasihtta: njálmmálaččat

lemma:    ilmaiseksi
fasihtta: nuvttá

lemma:    ollenkaan
fasihtta: obbalohkái

lemma:    näkyvissä
fasihtta: oidnosis

lemma:    yhtä aikaa
fasihtta: oktanaga

lemma:    kokonaan
fasihtta: ollislaččat

lemma:    avoin
fasihtta: rabas

lemma:    satunnainen
fasihtta: sahtedohko

lemma:    salaisesti
fasihtta: suoli

lemma:    vähän
fasihtta: uhccán
   -      unnán
   -      veahá
   -      veháš

lemma:    vähän
fasihtta: unnán
   -      uhccán
   -      veahá
   -      veháš

lemma:    vähän
fasihtta: veahá
   -      uhccán
   -      unnán
   -      veháš

lemma:    vähän
fasihtta: veháš
   -      uhccán
   -      unnán
   -      veahá

lemma:    alas
fasihtta: vulos

lemma:    alhaalla
fasihtta: vuollin

lemma:    ensiksi
fasihtta: vuosttažettiin

lemma:    aivan
fasihtta: áibbas

lemma:    ajoissa
fasihtta: áiggil
   -      árrat

lemma:    ajoissa
fasihtta: árrat
   -      áiggil

lemma:    alussa
fasihtta: álggos

lemma:    aina
fasihtta: álo
   -      čađat

lemma:    aina
fasihtta: čađat
   -      álo

lemma:    kirjallisesti
fasihtta: čálalaččat

lemma:    entä
fasihtta: naba

lemma:    sama
fasihtta: seamma

lemma:    minne
fasihtta: gosa

lemma:    myös
fasihtta: maiddái
   -      maid

lemma:    sitten
fasihtta: de

lemma:    minkäänlainen
fasihtta: makkárge

lemma:    tietysti
fasihtta: dieđusge

lemma:    tänne
fasihtta: deike

lemma:    siksi
fasihtta: danne
   -      danin

lemma:    siellä missä sinä olet
fasihtta: dieppe

lemma:    siellä
fasihtta: doppe
   -      dieppe

lemma:    täällä
fasihtta: dáppe

lemma:    täässä
fasihtta: dás

lemma:    sisäpuolella
fasihtta: siste

lemma:    etukäteen
fasihtta: ovdagihtii

lemma:    erittäin
fasihtta: hui

lemma:    hyvin
fasihtta: bures
   -      hui

lemma:    oikein
fasihtta: riekta
   -      hui

lemma:    nyt
fasihtta: dál

lemma:    ulkona
fasihtta: olgun

lemma:    sinne
fasihtta: dohko
   -      diehko

lemma:    sinne
fasihtta: diehko
   -      dohko

lemma:    yksin
fasihtta: okto

lemma:    jo
fasihtta: juo

lemma:    yhdessä
fasihtta: ovttas

lemma:    lähell'
fasihtta: lahkosis

lemma:    missä
fasihtta: gos
   -      gokko

lemma:    kotona
fasihtta: ruovttus

lemma:    parhaiten
fasihtta: buoremusat

lemma:    kesällä
fasihtta: geasset
   -      geassit

lemma:    talvella
fasihtta: dálvet
   -      dálvit

lemma:    niin
fasihtta: nu

lemma:    melko
fasihtta: viehka

lemma:    äsken
fasihtta: easkka

lemma:    ehkä
fasihtta: várra

lemma:    sisään
fasihtta: sisa

lemma:    kiinni
fasihtta: gitta

lemma:    välillä
fasihtta: gaskkohagaid

lemma:    pitkin
fasihtta: mielde

lemma:    vaikka
fasihtta: vaikko
   -      vaikke

lemma:    silloin
fasihtta: dalle

lemma:    vain
fasihtta: dušše
   -      beare

lemma:    eilen
fasihtta: ikte

lemma:    pari kertaa
fasihtta: moddii

lemma:    myynnissä
fasihtta: vuovdimassii

lemma:    kerran
fasihtta: oktii

lemma:    kaksi kertaa
fasihtta: guktii

lemma:    taakse
fasihtta: duohkái

lemma:    jälkeen
fasihtta: maŋŋel

lemma:    takana
fasihtta: duohken

lemma:    kaukana
fasihtta: guhkkin

lemma:    silloin tällöin
fasihtta: muhtimin
   -      muhtumin

lemma:    joskus
fasihtta: muhtumin

lemma:    sen takia
fasihtta: danin

lemma:    huomenna
fasihtta: ihttin

lemma:    heti
fasihtta: dalán

lemma:    missä kohden
fasihtta: gokko

lemma:    miten
fasihtta: mo

lemma:    sen jälkeen
fasihtta: dasto

lemma:    näköjään
fasihtta: gusto

lemma:    yleensä
fasihtta: eanas

lemma:    mielelläänıl
fasihtta: áinnas

lemma:    lopuksi
fasihtta: loahpas

lemma:    aamulla
fasihtta: iđđes
   -      iđđedis

lemma:    ulos
fasihtta: olggos

lemma:    ylös
fasihtta: bajás

lemma:    kylliksi
fasihtta: gallás

lemma:    etelään
fasihtta: lulás

lemma:    pohjoiseen
fasihtta: davás

lemma:    viimein
fasihtta: viimmat

lemma:    aika paljon
fasihtta: eatnat

lemma:    vähintään
fasihtta: unnimusat

lemma:    enää
fasihtta: šat

lemma:    syksyllä
fasihtta: čakčat

lemma:    tavallisesti
fasihtta: dábálaččat

lemma:    päivittäin
fasihtta: beaivválaččat

lemma:    viikkoittain
fasihtta: vahkkosaččat

lemma:    kuukausittain
fasihtta: mánnosaččat

lemma:    keväällä
fasihtta: giđđat

lemma:    pois
fasihtta: eret

lemma:    runsaasti
fasihtta: valjit

lemma:    ääneen
fasihtta: jitnosit

lemma:    yöllä
fasihtta: ihkku

lemma:    kauan sitten
fasihtta: áigá

lemma:    eniten
fasihtta: eanemustá
