Dato: ons 21 des 2011 19:51:11 CET

lemma: guovttos
fasihtta: de to_FIN

lemma: vihaheapmi
fasihtta: vihkiminen

lemma: beanatgullan
fasihtta: peninkulma

lemma: bálggus
fasihtta: paliskunta

lemma: bállahastin
fasihtta: heitto
   -        nakkaaminen

lemma: duottarčielgi
fasihtta: tunturinselkä

lemma: duppalgáibi
fasihtta: kaksoisleuka

lemma: dáppeorru
fasihtta: täälläasuja

lemma: eahketbeaivi
fasihtta: iltapäivä

lemma: fástavuorru
fasihtta: vakiovuoro

lemma: gaccet
fasihtta: talitiainen

lemma: gearret
fasihtta: käräjä

lemma: girkosiida
fasihtta: kirkonkylä

lemma: golgadeaddji
fasihtta: kulkuttaja

lemma: goppás
fasihtta: koppakuoriainen

lemma: gorostat
fasihtta: ommel
   -        ompelulanka

lemma: lohkanortnet
fasihtta: lukujärjestys

lemma: meahcásteapmi
fasihtta: metsästäminen

lemma: mearrebeaivi
fasihtta: määräpäivä

lemma: nuorrabárra
fasihtta: nuoripari

lemma: nuortalašgiella
fasihtta: koltansaamenkieli
   -        koltankieli

lemma: ovdu
fasihtta: etu
   -        etuus

lemma: reastalas
fasihtta: räystäs

lemma: rihppa
fasihtta: rippi

lemma: ruški
fasihtta: ruska

lemma: rábbi
fasihtta: haaska
   -        raato

lemma: ráidoheargi
fasihtta: raitohärkä

lemma: cubborássi
fasihtta: korte

lemma: guobir
fasihtta: haara poronkorvamerkistä

lemma: julla
fasihtta: jylinä
   -        jyminä

lemma: lottegazza
fasihtta: linnunvarvas

lemma: lužas
fasihtta: ripuli

lemma: skálla
fasihtta: kalina
   -        kilinä

lemma: skážas
fasihtta: sudenkorento

lemma: smarfi
fasihtta: kihara

lemma: surbmit
fasihtta: ryynit
   -        murot

lemma: tente
fasihtta: tentti

lemma: verrát
fasihtta: veräjä

lemma: viehkki
fasihtta: juoksija

lemma: vuoládus
fasihtta: alennus

lemma: ássansadji
fasihtta: asuinpaikka

lemma: šlubbu
fasihtta: sorkkamätä

lemma: čoavjedávda
fasihtta: vatsatauti

lemma: čuogus
fasihtta: latkittava
   -        liemi

lemma: allodatnjuiken
fasihtta: korkeushyppy

lemma: ambulánsa
fasihtta: ambulanssi

lemma: anáraš
fasihtta: inarinsaamelainen

lemma: anárašgiella
fasihtta: inarinkieli
   -        inarinsaamenkieli

lemma: badjedilli
fasihtta: porotalous
   -        paimentolaisporonhoito

lemma: bajildus
fasihtta: päällinen
   -        päällys

lemma: bargobáiki
fasihtta: työpaikka

lemma: bađuš
fasihtta: pyrstö

lemma: beallemuddu
fasihtta: puoliväli

lemma: beavdebiigá
fasihtta: tarjoilija

lemma: benne
fasihtta: penni

lemma: beštor
fasihtta: västäräkki

lemma: biebmolistu
fasihtta: ruokalista

lemma: bihpporbiffa
fasihtta: pippuripihvi

lemma: bihtánsámegiella
fasihtta: piitimensaame

lemma: binná
fasihtta: vähän

lemma: boahtal
fasihtta: pullo

lemma: boaittobealli
fasihtta: syrjäseutu

lemma: boaldinmuorra
fasihtta: polttopuu

lemma: lávžá
fasihtta: paarma

lemma: boaru
fasihtta: paarma

lemma: boazoalmmái
fasihtta: poromies

lemma: boazobeana
fasihtta: porokoira

lemma: boazorikkis
fasihtta: pororikas

lemma: boađus
fasihtta: tulos

lemma: bohccočoarvi
fasihtta: poronsarvi

lemma: bullá
fasihtta: pulla

lemma: buoidivuohta
fasihtta: lihavuus

lemma: buollin
fasihtta: palo

lemma: busir
fasihtta: pusero

lemma: bádji
fasihtta: paja

lemma: bálvalanámmát
fasihtta: palveluammatti

lemma: bálvá
fasihtta: palvelija

lemma: bárru
fasihtta: aalto

lemma: coahki
fasihtta: matala vesi
   -        matala

lemma: cára
fasihtta: tsaari

lemma: darjjesámegiella
fasihtta: turjansaame

lemma: davviriika
fasihtta: pohjoismaa

lemma: davvisápmi
fasihtta: pohjoissaamelainen

lemma: daŋas
fasihtta: varpu

lemma: dearbmi
fasihtta: törmä

lemma: deattán
fasihtta: painajainen

lemma: divat
fasihtta: maksu
   -        kymmenys

lemma: doaba
fasihtta: käsite

lemma: doaimmahat
fasihtta: toimisto

lemma: doardna
fasihtta: torni

lemma: dolgevuogga
fasihtta: perho

lemma: dolgi
fasihtta: sulka

lemma: duhkoraddanskibir
fasihtta: leikkikaveri

lemma: duollu
fasihtta: tulli

lemma: duorgu
fasihtta: siima

lemma: dušši
fasihtta: turhuus
   -        joutava asia
   -        tyhjänpäiväisyys

lemma: dálvesoahti
fasihtta: talvisota

lemma: ealáhus
fasihtta: elinkeino
   -        elanto

lemma: earráneapmi
fasihtta: eroaminen

lemma: ehtemas
fasihtta: juolukka

lemma: elefánta
fasihtta: elefantti

lemma: eváhkko
fasihtta: evakko

lemma: fiilu
fasihtta: viila

lemma: fuolla
fasihtta: huoli

lemma: fápmu
fasihtta: voima

lemma: fárta
fasihtta: vauhti

lemma: galbarihcci
fasihtta: kilpikonna

lemma: gaskaáigi
fasihtta: keskiaika

lemma: geahčči
fasihtta: katsoja

lemma: geardi
fasihtta: kerta

lemma: gearpmaš
fasihtta: käärme

lemma: geavŋŋis
fasihtta: suuri koski
   -        köngäs

lemma: giehtagávva
fasihtta: käsikynkkä

lemma: gielddasámegiella
fasihtta: kildininsaame

lemma: giellabeassi
fasihtta: kielipesä

lemma: giellavealgu
fasihtta: sinirinta
   -        satakieli

lemma: gihli
fasihtta: kihla

lemma: gilvvohallan
fasihtta: kilpailu

lemma: girdno
fasihtta: kirnu

lemma: girjjáš
fasihtta: kirjanen

lemma: girkobáiki
fasihtta: kirkkopaikka

lemma: goarrunmašiidna
fasihtta: ompelukone

lemma: goddin
fasihtta: tappaminen
   -        saaminen

lemma: gohttá
fasihtta: leivos
   -        viineri

lemma: gollečeahppi
fasihtta: kultaseppä

lemma: govvabláđđi
fasihtta: kuvalehti

lemma: guhkkodat
fasihtta: pituus

lemma: guhkkodatnjuiken
fasihtta: pituushyppy

lemma: gánddaš
fasihtta: pieni poika
   -        poikanen

lemma: gárvu
fasihtta: vaate
   -        asu
   -        pukimet

lemma: gávpejas
fasihtta: kauppias

lemma: haŋŋá
fasihtta: alli

lemma: heagga
fasihtta: henki

lemma: heahpat
fasihtta: häpeä

lemma: hirsa
fasihtta: hirsi

lemma: holga
fasihtta: vave
   -        poikkipuu

lemma: hárdu
fasihtta: hartia

lemma: hávdi
fasihtta: hauta

lemma: iešvuohta
fasihtta: ominaisuus

lemma: joatkkasoahti
fasihtta: jatkosota

lemma: johtu
fasihtta: kulkeminen
   -        liike

lemma: jugástat
fasihtta: juotava
   -        juoma

lemma: julevusámegiella
fasihtta: luulajansaame

lemma: juogus
fasihtta: jaos

lemma: juŋgel
fasihtta: viidakko

lemma: jápmin
fasihtta: kuolema

lemma: jápmu
fasihtta: kuolema

lemma: kilobealle
fasihtta: puoli kiloa

lemma: kloasttar
fasihtta: luostari

lemma: astoáigeklubba
fasihtta: iltapäiväkerho

lemma: nuoraidklubba
fasihtta: nuorisokerho

lemma: kredihttakoarta
fasihtta: luottokortti

lemma: kvena
fasihtta: kveeni
   -        Ruijansuomalainen

lemma: lavdnji
fasihtta: turve

lemma: lađas
fasihtta: nivel

lemma: leaibi
fasihtta: leppä

lemma: ledjon
fasihtta: leijona

lemma: lieggariika
fasihtta: lämminmaa

lemma: liiva
fasihtta: liivi

lemma: limonáda
fasihtta: limonadi
   -        limonaati

lemma: linnjábiila
fasihtta: linja-auto

lemma: lubma
fasihtta: tasku

lemma: luohttámušalmmái
fasihtta: luottamusmies

lemma: luonddumeahcci
fasihtta: luonnonpuisto

lemma: láigolaš
fasihtta: vuokralainen

lemma: láigu
fasihtta: vuokra

lemma: látna
fasihtta: kasa
   -        läjä

lemma: lávggohat
fasihtta: kylpylä

lemma: lávkebiffa
fasihtta: sipulipihvi

lemma: margariidna
fasihtta: margariini

lemma: mašiidna
fasihtta: kone

lemma: miestta
fasihtta: pensas

lemma: muitu
fasihtta: muisti

lemma: muŋka
fasihtta: munkki

lemma: mánnávuohta
fasihtta: lapsuus

lemma: mánáidruoktu
fasihtta: lastenkoti

lemma: nealgejahki
fasihtta: nälkävuosi

lemma: nisojáffut
fasihtta: vehnäjauhot

lemma: njealjejuvlageassi
fasihtta: neliveto

lemma: njoammudávda
fasihtta: tarttuva tauti

lemma: njuolggadus
fasihtta: sääntö
   -        säädos

lemma: njálla
fasihtta: naali
   -        napakettu

lemma: nohkkanáigi
fasihtta: nukkumaanmenoaika

lemma: nummir
fasihtta: numero

lemma: telefonnummir
fasihtta: puhelinnumero

lemma: nuorravuohta
fasihtta: nuoruus

lemma: nuortalaš
fasihtta: koltansaamelainen

lemma: náittosdilli
fasihtta: avioliitto

lemma: oalgejohka
fasihtta: sivujoki

lemma: oapmahaš
fasihtta: omainen

lemma: oapman
fasihtta: uuni

lemma: oarbbis
fasihtta: orpo

lemma: oasseváldi
fasihtta: osanottaja

lemma: obbalággá
fasihtta: umpisuoli

lemma: ohca
fasihtta: povi

lemma: oktavuohta
fasihtta: yhteys

lemma: ore
fasihtta: ori

lemma: orgel
fasihtta: urku

lemma: ovdajuolgi
fasihtta: etujalka

lemma: dovdu
fasihtta: tunne

lemma: pláhtta
fasihtta: levy

lemma: proseanta
fasihtta: prosentti

lemma: ravda
fasihtta: reuna

lemma: vázzinravda
fasihtta: jalkakäytävä

lemma: reabbá
fasihtta: rapu

lemma: rehket
fasihtta: lasku

lemma: restoráŋŋa
fasihtta: ravintola

lemma: riegádanmearka
fasihtta: syntymämerkki

lemma: riehpu
fasihtta: raukka
   -        parka

lemma: risváhnen
fasihtta: kummivanhin

lemma: riđđu
fasihtta: viima
   -        tuuli

lemma: roggi
fasihtta: kuoppa
   -        uoma
   -        jokilaakso

lemma: rohtu
fasihtta: lehto
   -        ryteikkö

lemma: rotnu
fasihtta: maho vaadin
   -        runo eläin

lemma: ruoinnasvuohta
fasihtta: laihuus

lemma: ruoksi
fasihtta: tuumi
   -        vedin
   -        utare

lemma: rádná
fasihtta: kaveri
   -        toveri

lemma: ráhppa
fasihtta: rappu
   -        porras

lemma: ráidodállu
fasihtta: rivitalo

lemma: rásttis
fasihtta: rastas

lemma: rávdnji
fasihtta: virta

lemma: sajádat
fasihtta: asema

lemma: servieahtta
fasihtta: servietti

lemma: sieđga
fasihtta: paju

lemma: ruovttusiidu
fasihtta: kotisivu

lemma: siidu
fasihtta: sivu

lemma: silki
fasihtta: silkki

lemma: biergoskadjá
fasihtta: lihavaja
   -        lihatalas

lemma: guolleskadjá
fasihtta: kalastusvaja
   -        venevaja

lemma: skadjá
fasihtta: venevaja

lemma: skierri
fasihtta: vaivaiskoivu

lemma: skorpiovdna
fasihtta: skorpioni

lemma: skuolfi
fasihtta: pöllö

lemma: skuvlaskibir
fasihtta: koulukaveri

lemma: skáhpi
fasihtta: pihlaja

lemma: skávžá
fasihtta: viiksi

lemma: snuolga
fasihtta: räkä

lemma: snárttal
fasihtta: haapana

lemma: sokta
fasihtta: vaahto

lemma: solon
fasihtta: hammastikku

lemma: spálfu
fasihtta: pääskynen

lemma: spánskkadávda
fasihtta: espanjantauti

lemma: steažžalakkis
fasihtta: sisilisko

lemma: stivrenvuohki
fasihtta: ohjaus
   -        hallinta tapa

lemma: stuhkka
fasihtta: palanen
   -        kappale

lemma: stáhtavuovdi
fasihtta: valtion metsä

lemma: stálla
fasihtta: talli

lemma: stálpejahki
fasihtta: petovuosi

lemma: stálpi
fasihtta: susien paljous
   -        petojen paljous

lemma: suodjalus
fasihtta: suojelu

lemma: suohpan
fasihtta: suopunki

lemma: suonjar
fasihtta: säde

lemma: suorpmas
fasihtta: sormus

lemma: suovasbiergoláibi
fasihtta: savulihavoileipä

lemma: ságadoalli
fasihtta: puheenjohtaja

lemma: sáhkavuorru
fasihtta: puheenvuoro

lemma: sáivačáhci
fasihtta: sisävesi
   -        makeavesi

lemma: sámeduodji
fasihtta: käsityö

lemma: sámil
fasihtta: sammal

lemma: sárggis
fasihtta: raita

lemma: sávdni
fasihtta: sauna

lemma: televišuvdna
fasihtta: televisio

lemma: tiger
fasihtta: tiikeri

lemma: tákta
fasihtta: tahti

lemma: upmisámegiella
fasihtta: uumajansaame

lemma: uvdnagáddi
fasihtta: uunin vieri

lemma: varračájánas
fasihtta: verinäyte

lemma: veahčir
fasihtta: vasara

lemma: vierru
fasihtta: tapa

lemma: árbevierru
fasihtta: perinne
   -        traditio

lemma: virgeolmmoš
fasihtta: virkailija

lemma: vovdna
fasihtta: vaunu

lemma: vuolgga
fasihtta: lähtö

lemma: vuolildusbivttas
fasihtta: alusvaate

lemma: vuolledássi
fasihtta: ala-aste

lemma: vuonjal
fasihtta: vuongeli
   -        1. vuoden ikäinen naarasporo

lemma: vuossu
fasihtta: palje
   -        palkeet

lemma: váili
fasihtta: vaille

lemma: válsa
fasihtta: valssi

lemma: kvárta
fasihtta: vartti
   -        neljännestunti

lemma: áhkkilsámegiella
fasihtta: akkalansaame

lemma: áigedávval
fasihtta: aikataulu

lemma: áigelohku
fasihtta: ajanlasku

lemma: áigegollu
fasihtta: ajankulu

lemma: áigáiboahtu
fasihtta: toimeentulo

lemma: ákšu
fasihtta: kirves

lemma: álbmotskuvla
fasihtta: kansakoulu

lemma: álddagas
fasihtta: salama

lemma: álgodálvi
fasihtta: alkutalvi

lemma: állat
fasihtta: pulmunen

lemma: áltár
fasihtta: alttari

lemma: ámmát
fasihtta: ammatti

lemma: árvalus
fasihtta: arvio

lemma: ástmá
fasihtta: astma

lemma: áviisa
fasihtta: lehti
   -        sanomalehti

lemma: šaddanbeaivi
fasihtta: syntymäpäivä

lemma: čalbmeguolga
fasihtta: silmäripsi

lemma: čoarvenjunni
fasihtta: sarvikuono

lemma: čora
fasihtta: parttio
   -        porotokka

lemma: šuokŋa
fasihtta: sävel

lemma: čuru
fasihtta: kärpänen

lemma: šuvva
fasihtta: kohina
   -        suhina

lemma: čáihni
fasihtta: tikka

lemma: čáihni
fasihtta: pisama

lemma: ovtteš
fasihtta: ykkönen

lemma: guvtteš
fasihtta: kakkonen

lemma: golmmeš
fasihtta: kolmonen

lemma: njelješ
fasihtta: nelonen

lemma: viđeš
fasihtta: viitonen

lemma: guđeš
fasihtta: kuutonen

lemma: čižeš
fasihtta: seiska

lemma: gávcceš
fasihtta: kasi

lemma: ovcceš
fasihtta: ysi

lemma: logeš
fasihtta: kymppi

lemma: dohkká
fasihtta: nukke

lemma: festivála
fasihtta: festivaali
   -        festari

lemma: eŋgel
fasihtta: enkeli

lemma: elrávdnji
fasihtta: sähkö

lemma: eanadoalli
fasihtta: maanviljelijä

lemma: fális
fasihtta: valas

lemma: ealga
fasihtta: hirvi

lemma: dáiddár
fasihtta: taitelija

lemma: dutki
fasihtta: tutkija

lemma: dulka
fasihtta: tulkki

lemma: oanádus
fasihtta: lyhenne

lemma: oahppoplána
fasihtta: opetussuunnitelma

lemma: oahpahus
fasihtta: opetus

lemma: njuorju
fasihtta: hylje

lemma: visti
fasihtta: rakennus
   -        asunto

lemma: suopman
fasihtta: murre
   -        ääni

lemma: skuvlajahki
fasihtta: kouluvuosi

lemma: sátnejođiheaddji
fasihtta: kunnanvaltuuston puheenjohtaja

lemma: ráđđeolmmái
fasihtta: kunnanjohtaja

lemma: ráđđealmmái
fasihtta: kunnanjohtaja

lemma: prošeaktajođiheaddji
fasihtta: projektijohtaja

lemma: dearvvašvuođabargi
fasihtta: terveydenhuollontyöntekijä

lemma: nissonolmmoš
fasihtta: nainen
   -        naisihminen

lemma: luokta
fasihtta: lahti

lemma: máttasámegiella
fasihtta: eteläsaame

lemma: lullisámegiella
fasihtta: eteläsaame

lemma: julevsámegiella
fasihtta: luulajansaame

lemma: davvisámegiella
fasihtta: pohjoissaame

lemma: jahkebealli
fasihtta: puolivuosi

lemma: gobmi
fasihtta: kummitus

lemma: gonagas
fasihtta: kuningas

lemma: balddonas
fasihtta: kummitus

lemma: jiehtanas
fasihtta: jättiläinen

lemma: dronnet
fasihtta: kuningatar

lemma: goallossátni
fasihtta: yhdyssana

lemma: jearaldat
fasihtta: kysymys

lemma: gažaldat
fasihtta: kysymys

lemma: báikenamma
fasihtta: paikannimi

lemma: bustávva
fasihtta: kirjain

lemma: bellodat
fasihtta: puolue

lemma: beavdegirji
fasihtta: pöytäkirja

lemma: sámediggeráđđi
fasihtta: saamelaisneuvosto

lemma: áddjá
fasihtta: isoisä
   -        äijä

lemma: áddjá
fasihtta: äijä

lemma: muohtaáddjá
fasihtta: lumiukko

lemma: rivgu
fasihtta: ei-saamelainen nainen

lemma: goaskin
fasihtta: kotka

lemma: goaski
fasihtta: äidin vanhempi sisar
tcomm: täti

lemma: siessá
fasihtta: isän sisar
tcomm: täti

lemma: muoŧŧá
fasihtta: äidin nuorempi sisar
tcomm: täti

lemma: čeahci
fasihtta: isän nuorempi veli
tcomm: setä

lemma: áhkku
fasihtta: isoäiti
   -        akka

lemma: áhkku
fasihtta: gammel dame_FIN
   -        isoäiti
   -        akka

lemma: áhčči
fasihtta: isä
   -        isi

lemma: bárdni
fasihtta: poika
   -        nuori mies

lemma: gonagasbárdni
fasihtta: prinssi

lemma: eadni
fasihtta: äiti

lemma: fuolki
fasihtta: sukulainen

lemma: ipmi
fasihtta: onkels kone_FIN
tcomm: täti

lemma: máhka
fasihtta: setä
   -        lanko

lemma: mánná
fasihtta: lapsi

lemma: máttaráhkku
fasihtta: isoisoäiti

lemma: máttaráddjá
fasihtta: isoisoisä

lemma: gummebáddi
fasihtta: kuminauha

lemma: nieida
fasihtta: tyttö
   -        tytär

lemma: gonagasnieida
fasihtta: prinsessa

lemma: oabbá
fasihtta: sisar
   -        sisko

lemma: oambealle
fasihtta: serkku

lemma: oarpmealle
fasihtta: serkku

lemma: risteadni
fasihtta: kummitäti

lemma: ristáhčči
fasihtta: kummisetä

lemma: vivva
fasihtta: kummipoika

lemma: viellja
fasihtta: veli

lemma: vilbealle
fasihtta: serkkupoika
   -        serkku

lemma: eamit
fasihtta: vaimo
   -        emäntä

lemma: fáttar
fasihtta: kummi
   -        kuoma

lemma: eammi
fasihtta: vaimo

lemma: boadnji
fasihtta: aviomies

lemma: isit
fasihtta: aviomies
   -        isäntä
   -        poromies

lemma: jumeš
fasihtta: kaksonen

lemma: obbadálki
fasihtta: pilvistä

lemma: máttarvánhen
fasihtta: esivanhempi

lemma: unnaoappáš
fasihtta: pikkusisko

lemma: unnavieljaš
fasihtta: pikkuveli

lemma: badjesápmelaš
fasihtta: porosaamelainen

lemma: bargi
fasihtta: työntekijä
   -        työläinen

lemma: bassinmuorra
fasihtta: makkaratikku

lemma: bassi
fasihtta: siivoja

lemma: biigá
fasihtta: piika

lemma: bivdi
fasihtta: kalastaja
   -        metsästäjä

lemma: boanda
fasihtta: maanviljelijä

lemma: boazosápmelaš
fasihtta: porosaamelainen

lemma: boazosápmi
fasihtta: porosaamelainen

lemma: buohccedivššár
fasihtta: sairaanhoitaja

lemma: buohcci
fasihtta: potilas

lemma: buohccidikšu
fasihtta: sairaanhoitaja

lemma: báhppa
fasihtta: pappi

lemma: dálolaš
fasihtta: pienmaanviljelijä

lemma: doaimmaheaddji
fasihtta: toimittaja

lemma: fabrihkkabargi
fasihtta: tehdastyöläinen

lemma: gávpebargi
fasihtta: myyjä
   -        virkailija
   -        kaupantyöntekijä

lemma: giehmánni
fasihtta: kauppias

lemma: girdi
fasihtta: lentokone

lemma: girdi
fasihtta: lentäjä

lemma: girječálli
fasihtta: kirjailija

lemma: goarru
fasihtta: räätäli

lemma: guollebivdi
fasihtta: kalastaja

lemma: guođoheaddji
fasihtta: paimen

lemma: hoavda
fasihtta: johtaja

lemma: jođiheaddji
fasihtta: johtaja

lemma: váttisvuohta
fasihtta: ongelma

lemma: journalista
fasihtta: toimittaja

lemma: kántorbargu
fasihtta: toimistotyö

lemma: kántorbargi
fasihtta: toimistotyöntekijä

lemma: kántorhoavda
fasihtta: osastopäällikkö

lemma: kántorveahkki
fasihtta: toimistoapulainen

lemma: mánnábiigá
fasihtta: lastenvahti

lemma: mánnágeahčči
fasihtta: lastenvahti

lemma: vázzingeaidnu
fasihtta: kävelytie

lemma: návetvázzi
fasihtta: lomittaja

lemma: njuovahat
fasihtta: teurastamo

lemma: njuovvi
fasihtta: teurastaja

lemma: bagadeaddji
fasihtta: ohjaaja

lemma: ovdaskuvlaoahpaheaddji
fasihtta: esikouluopettaja

lemma: bussevuoddji
fasihtta: linja-autonkuljettaja
   -        linjaautonkuljettaja
   -        bussikuski

lemma: oahpaheaddji
fasihtta: opettaja

lemma: poliisa
fasihtta: poliisi

lemma: politiija
fasihtta: poliisi

lemma: studeanta
fasihtta: opiskelija

lemma: váldodoaimmaheaddji
fasihtta: päätoimittaja

lemma: viessobearráigeahčči
fasihtta: talonmies

lemma: teknihkkár
fasihtta: teknikko

lemma: bátnedoavttir
fasihtta: hammaslääkäri

lemma: šibitdoavttir
fasihtta: eläinlääkäri

lemma: doavttir
fasihtta: lääkäri

lemma: duojár
fasihtta: käsityöläinen

lemma: duopmár
fasihtta: tuomari

lemma: luhkkár
fasihtta: lukkari

lemma: ministtar
fasihtta: ministeri

lemma: neavttár
fasihtta: näyttelijä

lemma: rektor
fasihtta: rehtori

lemma: rievvár
fasihtta: ryöväri
   -        rosvo
   -        roisto

lemma: snihkkár
fasihtta: nikkari
   -        puuseppä

lemma: viessohoiddár
fasihtta: talonmies

lemma: stáhtaministtar
fasihtta: pääministeri

lemma: suola
fasihtta: varas

lemma: ássi
fasihtta: asukas

lemma: čiekči
fasihtta: jalkapallopelaaja
   -        jalkapalloilija

lemma: čuoigi
fasihtta: hiihtäjä

lemma: čálli
fasihtta: kirjailija
   -        sihteeri

lemma: juoigi
fasihtta: joikaaja

lemma: lávlu
fasihtta: laulaja
   -        laulajatar

lemma: lohkki
fasihtta: lukija

lemma: vuoddji
fasihtta: ajaja
   -        uimari

lemma: vuoiti
fasihtta: voittaja

lemma: oahppi
fasihtta: oppilas

lemma: ohcci
fasihtta: hakija

lemma: baikačivga
fasihtta: räkänokka

lemma: boaresbárdni
fasihtta: poikamies

lemma: boaššu
fasihtta: posio
   -        kodan perä

lemma: boaresnieida
fasihtta: vanhapiika
   -        sinkku

lemma: čáhcerávga
fasihtta: vesihiisi
   -        vetehinen

lemma: dáža
fasihtta: norjalainen

lemma: dievdu
fasihtta: mies

lemma: gáibmi
fasihtta: kaima

lemma: gánda
fasihtta: poika

lemma: badjegánda
fasihtta: poropoika

lemma: gávttehas
fasihtta: lapinpukuinen ihminen
   -        lapinpukuinen

lemma: guoibmi
fasihtta: ystävä
   -        puoliso
   -        avopuoliso
   -        kumppani
   -        kaveri
   -        toveri

lemma: guossi
fasihtta: vieras

lemma: háldi
fasihtta: maahinen

lemma: julevsápmelaš
fasihtta: luulajansaamelainen

lemma: julevsápmi
fasihtta: luulajansaame
   -        luulajansaamelainen

lemma: juovlaskeaŋka
fasihtta: joululahja

lemma: juovlaruohtta
fasihtta: jouluaatto

lemma: juovlastállu
fasihtta: joulupukki
   -        joulutonttu

lemma: kránnjá
fasihtta: naapuri

lemma: leaska
fasihtta: leski
   -        leskimies

lemma: lunta
fasihtta: poika

lemma: mearrasápmelaš
fasihtta: merisaamelainen

lemma: mearrasápmi
fasihtta: merisaame
   -        merisaamelainen

lemma: nieidačivga
fasihtta: tyttölapsi
   -        tyttö

lemma: nuorra
fasihtta: nuori
   -        nuorukainen

lemma: reaŋga
fasihtta: renki

lemma: ruovttuveahkki
fasihtta: kotiapulainen
   -        kotiavustaja

lemma: ruoŧŧilaš
fasihtta: ruotsalainen

lemma: ránnjá
fasihtta: naapuri

lemma: siidaguoibmi
fasihtta: naapuri

lemma: siidaveahkki
fasihtta: kotiapulainen

lemma: skealbma
fasihtta: veikkuli

lemma: skuvlamánná
fasihtta: koululapsi

lemma: stállu
fasihtta: staalo

lemma: suopmelaš
fasihtta: suomalainen

lemma: sápmelaš
fasihtta: saamelainen

lemma: sápmi
fasihtta: saame
   -        saamelainen
   -        saamen kieli

lemma: turista
fasihtta: turisti

lemma: ulda
fasihtta: maahinen

lemma: vánddardeaddji
fasihtta: kulkuri

lemma: veahkki
fasihtta: apu
   -        apulainen

lemma: vearrodahkki
fasihtta: rikollinen

lemma: verdde
fasihtta: ystävä

lemma: bártnáš
fasihtta: poikanen

lemma: dálueamit
fasihtta: emäntä
   -        taloemäntä

lemma: mánáš
fasihtta: lapsonen
   -        pieni lapsi

lemma: nieiddaš
fasihtta: tyttönen
   -        pieni tyttö

lemma: nisson
fasihtta: nainen

lemma: nisu
fasihtta: nainen

lemma: skibir
fasihtta: kaveri
   -        ystävä
   -        toveri

lemma: skihpár
fasihtta: ystävä

lemma: ustit
fasihtta: ystävä
   -        kaveri

lemma: váhnen
fasihtta: vanhempi

lemma: vánhen
fasihtta: vanhempi

lemma: almmái
fasihtta: mies

lemma: dáppe-olmmoš
fasihtta: paikallinen

lemma: almmáiolmmoš
fasihtta: mies

lemma: dievdoolmmoš
fasihtta: mies

lemma: badjeolmmoš
fasihtta: poronhoitaja
   -        porosaamelainen
   -        poromies

lemma: mátkeolmmái
fasihtta: matkaseura

lemma: moallaolmmái
fasihtta: maalivahti

lemma: ollesolmmoš
fasihtta: aikuinen

lemma: olmmái
fasihtta: ystävä
   -        mies
   -        kaveri
   -        toveri

lemma: olmmoš
fasihtta: ihminen
   -        henkilö

lemma: ovdaolmmoš
fasihtta: esimies
   -        esinainen
   -        johtaja

lemma: rávesolmmoš
fasihtta: aikuinen

lemma: bárra
fasihtta: pari
   -        pariskunta

lemma: náittosbárra
fasihtta: hääpari

lemma: náittospárra
fasihtta: hääpari

lemma: párra
fasihtta: pari

lemma: searvegoddi
fasihtta: seurakunta

lemma: sohkagoddi
fasihtta: suku

lemma: álbmotbeaivi
fasihtta: kansallispäivä

lemma: álbmot
fasihtta: kansa

lemma: álgoálbmot
fasihtta: alkuperäiskansa

lemma: bearaš
fasihtta: perhe

lemma: eamiálbmot
fasihtta: alkuperäiskansa
   -        alkuperäisasukkaat

lemma: aski
fasihtta: syli

lemma: bahta
fasihtta: pylly
   -        takamus
   -        perse

lemma: beallji
fasihtta: korva

lemma: sohkabuolva
fasihtta: sukupolvi

lemma: buolva
fasihtta: sukupolvi

lemma: buolva
fasihtta: polvi
   -        sukupolvi

lemma: bátni
fasihtta: hammas

lemma: čeabetliidni
fasihtta: kaulahuivi
   -        huivi

lemma: čeabet
fasihtta: kaula

lemma: čalbmi
fasihtta: silmä

lemma: čibbi
fasihtta: polvi

lemma: čielgi
fasihtta: selkä

lemma: čielgi
fasihtta: selkä

lemma: čoavji
fasihtta: vatsa
   -        maha

lemma: čurti
fasihtta: pylly

lemma: gazza
fasihtta: kynsi

lemma: giehta
fasihtta: käsi

lemma: jierbmi
fasihtta: järki

lemma: juolgesuorbma
fasihtta: varvas

lemma: juolgi
fasihtta: jalka

lemma: liiki
fasihtta: iho

lemma: muohtu
fasihtta: poski

lemma: nierra
fasihtta: poski

lemma: niski
fasihtta: niska

lemma: muohtti
fasihtta: lumipyry
   -        lumisää

lemma: njunni
fasihtta: nenä
   -        nenäke

lemma: telefovdna
fasihtta: puhelin

lemma: njálbmi
fasihtta: suu

lemma: ipmárdus
fasihtta: ymmärrys
   -        ymmärtäminen

lemma: oaivi
fasihtta: pää

lemma: oalgi
fasihtta: olkapää

lemma: sealgi
fasihtta: selkä

lemma: smarvi
fasihtta: kihara

lemma: suorbma
fasihtta: sormi

lemma: varra
fasihtta: veri

lemma: vuokta
fasihtta: tukka
   -        hius

lemma: váibmu
fasihtta: sydän

lemma: čoarvvus
fasihtta: sarvet

lemma: bavssa
fasihtta: huuli

lemma: ganjal
fasihtta: kyynel

lemma: gorut
fasihtta: raato

lemma: njuovčča
fasihtta: kieli

lemma: rumaš
fasihtta: keho
   -        ruumis

lemma: vuoivvas
fasihtta: maksa

lemma: čottaboalddáhat
fasihtta: kurkkutulehdus

lemma: dávda
fasihtta: tauti
   -        sairaus

lemma: golgodávda
fasihtta: kulkutauti

lemma: gosahat
fasihtta: yskä

lemma: hávvi
fasihtta: haava

lemma: leasmi
fasihtta: reuma
   -        reumatauti

lemma: luhčadávda
fasihtta: ripuli

lemma: tallearka
fasihtta: lautanen

lemma: dallearka
fasihtta: lautanen

lemma: vuorru
fasihtta: vuoro

lemma: nuorvu
fasihtta: nuha

lemma: tableahtta
fasihtta: tabletti

lemma: vuovssanasdávda
fasihtta: oksennustauti

lemma: bávččas
fasihtta: kipu
   -        kipeä

lemma: čoavjebávččas
fasihtta: mahakipu
   -        vatsakipu

lemma: čottabávččas
fasihtta: kurkkutauti

lemma: dálkkas
fasihtta: lääke

lemma: feber
fasihtta: kuume

lemma: oaivebávččas
fasihtta: pääkipu
   -        migreeni

lemma: nuorvvu
fasihtta: nuha

lemma: astoáigeklubba
fasihtta: iltapäiväkerho

lemma: áiti
fasihtta: aitta

lemma: barta
fasihtta: mökki

lemma: basadanlatnja
fasihtta: kylpyhuone

lemma: basahat
fasihtta: pesula

lemma: báŋku
fasihtta: pankki

lemma: bibliotehka
fasihtta: kirjasto

lemma: biiladivohat
fasihtta: autokorjaamo
   -        korjaamo

lemma: biilagávpi
fasihtta: autokauppa

lemma: boastabiila
fasihtta: postiauto

lemma: poastabiila
fasihtta: postiauto

lemma: birasviessu
fasihtta: ympäristötalo

lemma: bivttasgávpi
fasihtta: vaatekauppa

lemma: borramušgávpi
fasihtta: vaatekauppa

lemma: buohcceviessu
fasihtta: sairaala

lemma: buvri
fasihtta: aitta
   -        kömmänä
   -        puura

lemma: darfegoahti
fasihtta: kota

lemma: dállu
fasihtta: talo

lemma: diskotehka
fasihtta: diskoteekki

lemma: divohat
fasihtta: korjaamo

lemma: duottarstohpu
fasihtta: tunturimökki

lemma: gáffádat
fasihtta: kahvila

lemma: gávpi
fasihtta: kauppa
   -        liike

lemma: gieldaviessu
fasihtta: kunnantalo

lemma: gielis
fasihtta: vale
   -        valhe

lemma: giliviessu
fasihtta: seuratalo
   -        seurahuone

lemma: girdišillju
fasihtta: lentokenttä

lemma: girjebusse
fasihtta: kirjabussi

lemma: girjerádju
fasihtta: kirjasto

lemma: girku
fasihtta: kirkko

lemma: kirku
fasihtta: kirkko

lemma: goahti
fasihtta: kota

lemma: hotealla
fasihtta: hotelli

lemma: internáhtta
fasihtta: sisäoppilaitos
   -        internaatti

lemma: kafea
fasihtta: kahvila

lemma: kantuvra
fasihtta: toimisto

lemma: kino
fasihtta: elokuvateatteri

lemma: latnja
fasihtta: huone

lemma: lavdnjegoahti
fasihtta: kota

lemma: láibbohat
fasihtta: leipomo

lemma: lávvu
fasihtta: laavu

lemma: loaidu
fasihtta: loito
   -        lattia
   -        kodassa tulisijan kahden puolen

lemma: lokta
fasihtta: vintti

lemma: mánáidmánná
fasihtta: lapsenlapsi

lemma: mánáidgárdi
fasihtta: lastentarha

lemma: molssodanlatnja
fasihtta: pukuhuone
   -        pukukoppi

lemma: musea
fasihtta: museo

lemma: návetgoahti
fasihtta: navettakota

lemma: návste
fasihtta: venevaja

lemma: návstu
fasihtta: venevaja

lemma: nuoraidklubba
fasihtta: nuorisokerho

lemma: guosselatnja
fasihtta: vierashuone

lemma: oađđenlatnja
fasihtta: makuuhuone

lemma: nohkkanlatnja
fasihtta: makuuhuone

lemma: orrunsadji
fasihtta: asuinpaikka

lemma: vearru
fasihtta: vero

lemma: vealgi
fasihtta: velka

lemma: ráđđeviessu
fasihtta: kunnantalo

lemma: ortnet
fasihtta: järjestys

lemma: ruoktu
fasihtta: koti

lemma: siida
fasihtta: siita
   -        porokylä
   -        paliskunta
   -        kotipalkinen

lemma: skearrogávpi
fasihtta: levykauppa
   -        levyliike

lemma: stállja
fasihtta: talli

lemma: stohpu
fasihtta: talo
   -        mökki
   -        pirtti

lemma: šillju
fasihtta: piha

lemma: tealtá
fasihtta: teltta

lemma: valástallanhálla
fasihtta: urheiluhalli

lemma: valáštallanhálla
fasihtta: urheiluhalli

lemma: viessu
fasihtta: talo

lemma: báhpagárdin
fasihtta: pappila

lemma: olgofeaskkir
fasihtta: ulkoeteinen

lemma: feaskkir
fasihtta: eteinen

lemma: mehter
fasihtta: metri

lemma: kilomehter
fasihtta: kilometri

lemma: geallir
fasihtta: kellari

lemma: gievkkan
fasihtta: keittiö

lemma: girjerájus
fasihtta: kirjasto

lemma: goađáš
fasihtta: pieni kota

lemma: guollerusttet
fasihtta: kalatehdas

lemma: gámmir
fasihtta: makuuhuone
   -        huone

lemma: gámmár
fasihtta: huone

lemma: hivsset
fasihtta: vessa
   -        käymälä
   -        WC

lemma: rusttet
fasihtta: rakennus

lemma: njuovvanrusttet
fasihtta: teurastamo

lemma: návet
fasihtta: navetta

lemma: rántet
fasihtta: halonhakkuupaikka
   -        rante
   -        rantikka

lemma: visoš
fasihtta: pieni talo

lemma: vuojadanálddis
fasihtta: uima-allas

lemma: bassaladdanmašiidna
fasihtta: pesukone

lemma: beavdi
fasihtta: pöytä

lemma: bensiidna
fasihtta: bensa
   -        polttoaine
   -        bensiisi

lemma: beaŋka
fasihtta: penkki
   -        tuoli

lemma: čiehka
fasihtta: kulma

lemma: čuovga
fasihtta: valo

lemma: goahtemuorra
fasihtta: ruode
   -        kotapuu

lemma: goallu
fasihtta: lamppu

lemma: govva
fasihtta: kuva

lemma: gráda
fasihtta: aste

lemma: guolbi
fasihtta: lattia

lemma: gáhttu
fasihtta: katto

lemma: čuovgagovva
fasihtta: diakuva
   -        valokuva
   -        diakuva

lemma: leavgastággu
fasihtta: lipputanko

lemma: leavga
fasihtta: lippu

lemma: ávnnas
fasihtta: aine

lemma: gávnnit
fasihtta: vuodevaatteet
   -        sänkyvaatteet

lemma: hildu
fasihtta: hylly

lemma: ildu
fasihtta: hylly

lemma: kaseahttačuojanas
fasihtta: kasettisoitin

lemma: láhtti
fasihtta: lattia

lemma: lámpu
fasihtta: lamppu

lemma: lámpá
fasihtta: lamppu

lemma: lássa
fasihtta: lasi

lemma: lássa
fasihtta: ikkuna
   -        lukko

lemma: láse
fasihtta: lasi

lemma: láse
fasihtta: ikkuna

lemma: lássalávdi
fasihtta: ikkunapieli

lemma: lásegárbma
fasihtta: ikkunapieli

lemma: beavdeliidni
fasihtta: pöytäliina
   -        liina

lemma: lássaliidni
fasihtta: verho
   -        verhot

lemma: láseliidni
fasihtta: verho
   -        verhot

lemma: lávdi
fasihtta: näyttämö
   -        lava

lemma: lihttebassanmašiidna
fasihtta: astiapesukone
   -        tiskikone

lemma: loahkka
fasihtta: lukko

lemma: náittosgovva
fasihtta: hääkuva

lemma: radio
fasihtta: radio

lemma: rohpi
fasihtta: katto

lemma: ráhppá
fasihtta: portaat
   -        rappu

lemma: rátnu
fasihtta: raanu
   -        matto
   -        peite

lemma: ridda
fasihtta: ristikko
   -        säleikkö
   -        rehto

lemma: riššu
fasihtta: suihku

lemma: ruskalihtti
fasihtta: roskakori

lemma: seaidni
fasihtta: seinä

lemma: seaŋga
fasihtta: sänky

lemma: skábe
fasihtta: kaappi

lemma: skáhppa
fasihtta: kaappi

lemma: soahti
fasihtta: sota

lemma: skáhppe
fasihtta: kaappi

lemma: soffá
fasihtta: sohva

lemma: stohpogálvu
fasihtta: huonekalu

lemma: stuollu
fasihtta: tuoli

lemma: tráhppá
fasihtta: portaat
   -        rappu

lemma: uksa
fasihtta: ovi

lemma: uksageavja
fasihtta: kahva
   -        ovikahva
   -        ovenkahva

lemma: viessogálvu
fasihtta: huonekalu

lemma: árran
fasihtta: tulisija
   -        tulenpesä

lemma: bassanálddis
fasihtta: lavuaari

lemma: bassangárri
fasihtta: lavuaari

lemma: govččas
fasihtta: peitto
   -        peite

lemma: hiŋggal
fasihtta: pilttu
   -        parsi

lemma: dárogiella
fasihtta: norja
   -        norjan kieli
   -        norjankieli

lemma: eatnigiella
fasihtta: äidinkieli

lemma: eŋgelasgiella
fasihtta: englanti
   -        englannin kieli

lemma: giella
fasihtta: kieli

lemma: giella
fasihtta: ansa

lemma: ruoššagiella
fasihtta: venäjä
   -        venäjän kieli

lemma: ruoŧagiella
fasihtta: ruotsi
   -        ruotsin kieli

lemma: suomagiella
fasihtta: suomi
   -        suomen kieli
   -        suomenkieli

lemma: sámegiella
fasihtta: saame
   -        saamen kieli

lemma: sárdni
fasihtta: saarna
   -        puhe

lemma: vuosttašgiella
fasihtta: ensimmäinen kieli

lemma: allaskuvla
fasihtta: korkeakoulu

lemma: álbmotallaskuvla
fasihtta: kansankorkeakoulu

lemma: biilaskuvla
fasihtta: ajokoulu

lemma: čállingursa
fasihtta: kirjoittamiskurssi
   -        kirjoituskurssi

lemma: málestangursa
fasihtta: ruoanlaittokurssi
   -        ruuanlaittokurssi
   -        ruokakurssi

lemma: čállinkursa
fasihtta: kirjoituskurssi
   -        kirjoittamiskurssi

lemma: giellagursa
fasihtta: kielikurssi

lemma: giellakursa
fasihtta: kielikurssi

lemma: gursa
fasihtta: kurssi

lemma: joatkkaskuvla
fasihtta: lukio
   -        ammattikoulu

lemma: klássa
fasihtta: luokka

lemma: kursa
fasihtta: kurssi

lemma: luohkká
fasihtta: luokka

lemma: luohkká
fasihtta: mäki

lemma: mánáidskuvla
fasihtta: ala-aste

lemma: nuoraidskuvla
fasihtta: yläaste

lemma: rihppaskuvla
fasihtta: rippikoulu

lemma: sámegielgursa
fasihtta: saamen kielen kurssi

lemma: sámegielkursa
fasihtta: saamen kielen kurssi

lemma: skuvla
fasihtta: koulu

lemma: universitehta
fasihtta: yliopisto

lemma: vuodjinskuvla
fasihtta: ajokoulu

lemma: vuođđoskuvla
fasihtta: peruskoulu

lemma: gárdi
fasihtta: aitaus
   -        poroaita
   -        kaarre
   -        riekonansarivi

lemma: áidi
fasihtta: aita

lemma: basaldat
fasihtta: pesurätti

lemma: teadjabaste
fasihtta: teelusikka

lemma: deadjabaste
fasihtta: teelusikka

lemma: baste
fasihtta: lusikka

lemma: beanna
fasihtta: kynä

lemma: biellu
fasihtta: kello

lemma: biergogievdni
fasihtta: lihapata

lemma: gievdni
fasihtta: ämpäri
   -        pannu
   -        kattila

lemma: bircu
fasihtta: kuutio

lemma: boaldámuš
fasihtta: polttoaine

lemma: bodni
fasihtta: pohja
   -        alakerta

lemma: bursa
fasihtta: lompakko

lemma: báddi
fasihtta: naru
   -        nauha
   -        köysi

lemma: čuojanas
fasihtta: soitin

lemma: diŋga
fasihtta: esine

lemma: tiŋga
fasihtta: esine

lemma: duollji
fasihtta: talja

lemma: fierbmi
fasihtta: verkko

lemma: gitárra
fasihtta: kitara

lemma: gárastat
fasihtta: naru
   -        siima

lemma: juvla
fasihtta: pyörä
   -        rengas

lemma: lohkki
fasihtta: kansi

lemma: boastamearka
fasihtta: postimerkki

lemma: poastamearka
fasihtta: postimerkki

lemma: mearka
fasihtta: merkki

lemma: millu
fasihtta: mylly

lemma: millu
fasihtta: mylly

lemma: niibi
fasihtta: veitsi

lemma: olju
fasihtta: öljy

lemma: sihkkungumme
fasihtta: pyyhekumi

lemma: reŋko
fasihtta: palli

lemma: liánta
fasihtta: lyijykynä
   -        lyijäri

lemma: bliánta
fasihtta: lyijykynä
   -        lyijäri

lemma: peanna
fasihtta: kynä

lemma: piáno
fasihtta: piano

lemma: riegádanbeaiskeaŋka
fasihtta: syntymäpäivälahja

lemma: rišša
fasihtta: tulitikku
   -        rikki

lemma: rišša
fasihtta: ryöppy
   -        roiske

lemma: riššadoassa
fasihtta: tulitikkuaski

lemma: riššasággi
fasihtta: tulitikku

lemma: ruhta
fasihtta: raha

lemma: veahkkeruhta
fasihtta: apuraha

lemma: ruhtabursa
fasihtta: lompakko

lemma: sáibma
fasihtta: kalaverkko

lemma: čiekčansihkkel
fasihtta: potkupyörä

lemma: spábba
fasihtta: pallo

lemma: sáibbo
fasihtta: saippua

lemma: biergoláibi
fasihtta: lihavoileipä

lemma: sáibu
fasihtta: saippua

lemma: sihkaldat
fasihtta: pyyhe

lemma: skeaŋka
fasihtta: lahja

lemma: skruvva
fasihtta: ruuvi

lemma: skruva
fasihtta: ruuvi

lemma: kultuvra
fasihtta: kulttuuri

lemma: soagŋu
fasihtta: kosinta
   -        kosiomatka

lemma: soabbi
fasihtta: sauva
   -        suksisauva

lemma: sovppá
fasihtta: saippua

lemma: šámpu
fasihtta: shampoo

lemma: vuogga
fasihtta: viehe
   -        onki
   -        koukku

lemma: vuoktašámpu
fasihtta: hiusshampoo
   -        shampoo

lemma: bierggas
fasihtta: esine

lemma: biilačoavdda
fasihtta: autonavain
   -        autonavaimet

lemma: čoavdda
fasihtta: avain

lemma: čogu
fasihtta: kampa

lemma: čohkun
fasihtta: kampa

lemma: speajal
fasihtta: peili
   -        varjostin

lemma: dávvir
fasihtta: tavara
   -        esine

lemma: dihtor
fasihtta: tietokone
   -        tietsikka
   -        PC

lemma: fidjol
fasihtta: viulu

lemma: gietkka
fasihtta: komsio
   -        kätkyt

lemma: gáffal
fasihtta: haarukka

lemma: gálggan
fasihtta: kampa

lemma: mohtor
fasihtta: moottori

lemma: mutuvra
fasihtta: moottori

lemma: muhtter
fasihtta: mutteri

lemma: viessočoavdda
fasihtta: talonavain

lemma: bealli
fasihtta: puoli
   -        puolikas
   -        sivu

lemma: haddi
fasihtta: hinta

lemma: kilo
fasihtta: kilo

lemma: oassi
fasihtta: osa

lemma: kruvdnu
fasihtta: kruunu

lemma: ruvdno
fasihtta: kruunu

lemma: salla
fasihtta: syli

lemma: lihtar
fasihtta: litra

lemma: lihtter
fasihtta: litra

lemma: áigi
fasihtta: aika

lemma: árga
fasihtta: arkipäivä

lemma: bearjadat
fasihtta: perjantai

lemma: beassášbeaivi
fasihtta: pääsiäispäivä

lemma: beassášlávvordat
fasihtta: pääsiäisilta
   -        pääsiäisaatto
   -        pääsiäislauantai

lemma: beassášlávvardat
fasihtta: pääsiäisilta
   -        pääsiäisaatto
   -        pääsiäsilauantai

lemma: beassášruohtta
fasihtta: pääsiäisilta
   -        pääsiäisaatto
   -        pääsiäsilauantai

lemma: beassášluopmu
fasihtta: pääsiäisloma

lemma: juovlaluopmu
fasihtta: joululoma

lemma: boddu
fasihtta: tauko
   -        vapaatunti

lemma: boradanboddu
fasihtta: ruokatauko

lemma: borgemánnu
fasihtta: elokuu

lemma: borranboddu
fasihtta: ruokatauko

lemma: cuoŋománnu
fasihtta: huhtikuu

lemma: čakča
fasihtta: syksy

lemma: čakčadálvi
fasihtta: myöhäissyksy

lemma: čakčageassi
fasihtta: syyskesä

lemma: čakčaluopmu
fasihtta: syysloma

lemma: čakčamánnu
fasihtta: syyskuu

lemma: čuoiganbeaivi
fasihtta: hiihtopäivä

lemma: diibmu
fasihtta: tunti
   -        kello

lemma: tiibma
fasihtta: kello
   -        tunti

lemma: disdat
fasihtta: tiistai

lemma: duorastat
fasihtta: torstai

lemma: dálvi
fasihtta: talvi

lemma: eahketbodda
fasihtta: iltatuokio

lemma: friijaminuhtta
fasihtta: välitunti

lemma: friddjaminuhtta
fasihtta: välitunti

lemma: gaskaidja
fasihtta: keskiyö

lemma: gaskabeaivi
fasihtta: keskipäivä

lemma: gaskavahkku
fasihtta: keskiviikko

lemma: jeagil
fasihtta: jäkälä

lemma: interneahtta
fasihtta: internetti

lemma: gihpa
fasihtta: kansio

lemma: giellaguovddáš
fasihtta: kielikeskus

lemma: kulturviessu
fasihtta: kulttuuritalo

lemma: giddagas
fasihtta: vankila

lemma: geasseorohat
fasihtta: kesäalue

lemma: geassesadji
fasihtta: kesäalue

lemma: gáffeboddu
fasihtta: kahvitauko

lemma: geasseluopmu
fasihtta: kesäloma

lemma: geassemánnu
fasihtta: kesäkuu

lemma: geassi
fasihtta: kesä

lemma: giđđa
fasihtta: kevät

lemma: giđđadálvi
fasihtta: kevättalvi

lemma: giđđageassi
fasihtta: suvi

lemma: golggotmánnu
fasihtta: lokaluu

lemma: guhkesbearjadat
fasihtta: pitkäperjantai

lemma: guovvamánnu
fasihtta: helmikuu

lemma: hellodagat
fasihtta: helluntai

lemma: historjá
fasihtta: historia
   -        tarina
   -        hissa

lemma: helloduorastat
fasihtta: helluntaipäivä
   -        helluntaitorstai

lemma: heláduorastat
fasihtta: helluntaipäivä
   -        helluntaitorstai

lemma: idja
fasihtta: yö

lemma: earán
fasihtta: asia
   -        tarve

lemma: ceahkki
fasihtta: askel

lemma: jahki
fasihtta: vuosi

lemma: juovlapáhkka
fasihtta: joulupaketti
   -        joululahja

lemma: juovlabáhkka
fasihtta: joulupaketti
   -        joululahja

lemma: juovlalávlla
fasihtta: joululaulu

lemma: juovlačikŋa
fasihtta: joulukoriste

lemma: juovlamuorra
fasihtta: joulukuusi
   -        joulupuu

lemma: juovlamánnu
fasihtta: joulukuu

lemma: juovllat
fasihtta: joulu

lemma: luoppal
fasihtta: lompolo
   -        järvi joen varrella

lemma: luopmu
fasihtta: loma

lemma: lávvardat
fasihtta: lauantai

lemma: lávvordat
fasihtta: lauantai

lemma: maŋŋebárga
fasihtta: tiistai

lemma: miessemánnu
fasihtta: toukokuu

lemma: mihcamárat
fasihtta: juhannus

lemma: minuhtta
fasihtta: minuutti

lemma: mánnodat
fasihtta: maanantai

lemma: mánnu
fasihtta: kuukausi

lemma: mánnu
fasihtta: kuu

lemma: njukčamánnu
fasihtta: maaliskuu

lemma: ođđajagiruohtta
fasihtta: uudenvuodenaatto

lemma: ođđabeairuohtta
fasihtta: uudenvuodenaatto

lemma: ohcanáigi
fasihtta: hakuaika

lemma: ođđajagemánnu
fasihtta: tammikuu

lemma: pálbmalávvardat
fasihtta: palmulauantai

lemma: pálbmalávvordat
fasihtta: palmulauantai

lemma: pálbmasotnabeaivi
fasihtta: palmusunnuntai

lemma: riegádanbeaivi
fasihtta: syntymäpäivä
   -        synttäri

lemma: sevdnjesáigi
fasihtta: kaamos
   -        kaamosaika

lemma: smáhkkomuorra
fasihtta: hakkuupölkky

lemma: skábma
fasihtta: kaamos
   -        kaamosaika

lemma: skábmamánnu
fasihtta: marraskuu

lemma: skilleduorastat
fasihtta: kiirastorstai

lemma: skuvlabeaivi
fasihtta: koulupäivä

lemma: skuvladiibmu
fasihtta: koulutunti

lemma: skuvlatiibma
fasihtta: koulutunti

lemma: sotnabeaivi
fasihtta: sunnuntai

lemma: suoidnemánnu
fasihtta: heinäkuu

lemma: vahkku
fasihtta: viikko

lemma: vahkkoloahppa
fasihtta: viikonloppu

lemma: bargoplána
fasihtta: työsuunnitelma

lemma: vuossárga
fasihtta: maanantai

lemma: beassážat
fasihtta: pääsiäinen

lemma: eahket
fasihtta: ilta

lemma: iđit
fasihtta: aamu

lemma: avvi
fasihtta: vyö

lemma: beaska
fasihtta: peski

lemma: boallu
fasihtta: nappi

lemma: bruvda
fasihtta: hääkruunu

lemma: buvssat
fasihtta: housut

lemma: lumma
fasihtta: tasku

lemma: buksalumma
fasihtta: housuntasku

lemma: báidi
fasihtta: paita

lemma: čalbmelásat
fasihtta: silmälasit

lemma: čalbmeláset
fasihtta: silmälasit

lemma: čikŋa
fasihtta: koriste
   -        koru
   -        koriste-esine

lemma: čuvla
fasihtta: hame
   -        leninki

lemma: diehppi
fasihtta: tupsu
   -        liehuke
   -        röyhy
   -        ponsi

lemma: dievdogákti
fasihtta: miehenkauhti
   -        miehenkasukka
   -        miehen lapin takki
   -        miestenpuku

lemma: dorka
fasihtta: turkkipaita

lemma: fáhcca
fasihtta: tumppu

lemma: gákti
fasihtta: lapinpuku
   -        lapintakki

lemma: háhtta
fasihtta: hattu

lemma: hárjehallanjáhkka
fasihtta: harjoittelutakki
   -        verryttelytakki

lemma: holbi
fasihtta: hulpa
   -        hulpio

lemma: jáhkka
fasihtta: takki

lemma: skuovva
fasihtta: kenkä

lemma: joggeskuovva
fasihtta: lenkkikenkä
   -        lenkkitossu

lemma: liidnegákti
fasihtta: kauhti
   -        takki
   -        puuvillakauhti
   -        puuvillatakki

lemma: liidni
fasihtta: liina
   -        kaulaliina
   -        huivi

lemma: láđđegákti
fasihtta: verkapuku
   -        verkalapintakki

lemma: nissongákti
fasihtta: naistenpuku

lemma: raddeleahppi
fasihtta: rintaläppä
   -        kauluri

lemma: risku
fasihtta: risku

lemma: ruossaliidni
fasihtta: ristiliina

lemma: šoalkaliidni
fasihtta: ristiliina
   -        silkkiliina
   -        sulhasen silkkiliina

lemma: silkečuvla
fasihtta: silkkihame

lemma: soadji
fasihtta: siipi

lemma: soadji
fasihtta: siipi

lemma: soadji
fasihtta: hiha

lemma: soadjá
fasihtta: siipi

lemma: soadjá
fasihtta: siipi

lemma: soadjá
fasihtta: hiha

lemma: solju
fasihtta: risku
   -        rintasolki

lemma: šearfa
fasihtta: kaulaliina

lemma: suohkku
fasihtta: sukka

lemma: ullobáidi
fasihtta: villapusero
   -        villapaita

lemma: vuolpu
fasihtta: puolihame
   -        leninki
   -        mekko

lemma: arvebivttas
fasihtta: sadevaatteet

lemma: árgabivttas
fasihtta: arkivaatteet
   -        arkivaate

lemma: bargobivttas
fasihtta: työvaatteet

lemma: buoidegaccet
fasihtta: talitintti

lemma: bivttas
fasihtta: vaate

lemma: boagán
fasihtta: vyö

lemma: čikŋabivttas
fasihtta: juhlavaatteet

lemma: čuoiganbuvssat
fasihtta: hiihtohousut

lemma: dálvebivttas
fasihtta: talvivaatteet

lemma: dievdogahpir
fasihtta: miestenhattu

lemma: doŋgeribuvssat
fasihtta: farkut

lemma: gahpir
fasihtta: myssy

lemma: gaibagahpir
fasihtta: lippalakki

lemma: čázet
fasihtta: nahkakenkä

lemma: gáma
fasihtta: nahkakenkä
   -        kenkä

lemma: gummestevvel
fasihtta: kumisaapas

lemma: geassebivttas
fasihtta: kesävaatteet

lemma: goikket
fasihtta: karvakenkä
   -        nutukas

lemma: gállot
fasihtta: kallokas

lemma: hárjehallanbivttas
fasihtta: jumppavaatteet
   -        harjoitteluvaatteet
   -        harjoitusvaatteet
   -        treenivaatteet

lemma: hárjehallanbuvssat
fasihtta: harjoitteluhousut
   -        treenihousut

lemma: idjabivttas
fasihtta: yöpuku

lemma: kuššát
fasihtta: kaulaliina

lemma: náhkkebivttas
fasihtta: nahkavaatteet
   -        nahkavaate

lemma: niibeboagán
fasihtta: puukkovyö
   -        veitsivyö

lemma: nuvttot
fasihtta: nutukas

lemma: násteboagán
fasihtta: hopeavyö

lemma: olgguldasbivttas
fasihtta: ulkovaatteet

lemma: sisbáidi
fasihtta: aluspaita

lemma: sisbuvssat
fasihtta: pikkuhousut
   -        alushousut
   -        pikkarit

lemma: stevvel
fasihtta: saapas

lemma: suohkkobuvssat
fasihtta: sukkahousut

lemma: vuotta
fasihtta: paula

lemma: albmi
fasihtta: taivas

lemma: almmiguovlu
fasihtta: taivaansuunta

lemma: áibmu
fasihtta: ilma

lemma: baldu
fasihtta: jäälautta
   -        jääteli

lemma: balva
fasihtta: pilvi

lemma: bealdu
fasihtta: pelto

lemma: beassi
fasihtta: pesä
   -        tuohi

lemma: biedju
fasihtta: pesä

lemma: bievla
fasihtta: pälvi

lemma: bovdna
fasihtta: mätäs
   -        pounu

lemma: cuoŋu
fasihtta: hanki

lemma: dolla
fasihtta: tuli

lemma: eatnu
fasihtta: joki

lemma: fiervá
fasihtta: fieru

lemma: gáddi
fasihtta: ranta

lemma: gáisá
fasihtta: vuorenhuippu

lemma: gáisi
fasihtta: vuorenhuippu

lemma: gárgu
fasihtta: rantakivikko

lemma: geađgi
fasihtta: kivi

lemma: gieddi
fasihtta: niitty

lemma: goikemuorra
fasihtta: kuiva puu

lemma: golli
fasihtta: kulta

lemma: gohpi
fasihtta: kuoppa

lemma: gohppi
fasihtta: lahti

lemma: gorsa
fasihtta: kuilu

lemma: gorži
fasihtta: koski

lemma: gurra
fasihtta: kuilu

lemma: jávregáddi
fasihtta: järvenranta

lemma: jávri
fasihtta: järvi

lemma: jeaggi
fasihtta: suo

lemma: lákcajiekŋa
fasihtta: jäätelö
   -        jätski

lemma: jiekŋa
fasihtta: jää

lemma: jiehkki
fasihtta: jäätikkö

lemma: juovva
fasihtta: juova

lemma: johka
fasihtta: joki

lemma: johkagáddi
fasihtta: joenranta

lemma: luondu
fasihtta: luonto

lemma: meahcci
fasihtta: asumaton alue
   -        metsä
   -        erämaa

lemma: mearra
fasihtta: meri

lemma: mearragáddi
fasihtta: rannikko

lemma: mielli
fasihtta: rantatörmä
   -        jokitörmä
   -        mäki

lemma: moivi
fasihtta: sekasorto

lemma: mohkki
fasihtta: mutka

lemma: muotki
fasihtta: kannas
   -        muotka
   -        taival

lemma: njárga
fasihtta: niemi

lemma: nuorri
fasihtta: salmi

lemma: násti
fasihtta: tähti

lemma: njavvi
fasihtta: niva

lemma: rudni
fasihtta: jääkolo

lemma: ruovdi
fasihtta: rauta

lemma: savu
fasihtta: suvanto

lemma: savvon
fasihtta: suvanto

lemma: silba
fasihtta: hopea

lemma: skálžu
fasihtta: simpukka

lemma: vuotna
fasihtta: vuono

lemma: vuovdi
fasihtta: metsä

lemma: vuovdi
fasihtta: myyjä

lemma: vággi
fasihtta: laakso

lemma: várri
fasihtta: várri_N_vaara
   -        vuori
   -        tunturi

lemma: stoarbma
fasihtta: myrsky

lemma: beaivváš
fasihtta: aurinko

lemma: duottar
fasihtta: tunturi
   -        tundra
   -        vuoret

lemma: eana
fasihtta: maa

lemma: eanan
fasihtta: maa

lemma: jogaš
fasihtta: puro

lemma: láttu
fasihtta: lampi
   -        lätäkkö

lemma: sáttu
fasihtta: hietikko

lemma: suolu
fasihtta: saari

lemma: suovva
fasihtta: savu

lemma: reatká
fasihtta: kataja

lemma: gaskkas
fasihtta: kataja

lemma: beahci
fasihtta: mänty

lemma: čáhppesmuorji
fasihtta: variksenmarja

lemma: eananmuorji
fasihtta: mansikka

lemma: eatnanmuorji
fasihtta: mansikka

lemma: guossa
fasihtta: kuusi

lemma: jokŋa
fasihtta: puolukka

lemma: lasta
fasihtta: lehti

lemma: gállu
fasihtta: otsa

lemma: gáibi
fasihtta: leuka

lemma: lieđđi
fasihtta: kukka

lemma: muorji
fasihtta: marja

lemma: cuoppu
fasihtta: sammakko

lemma: garjá
fasihtta: varis

lemma: muorra
fasihtta: puu

lemma: nisogordni
fasihtta: vehnäjyvä

lemma: oaksi
fasihtta: oksa

lemma: rássi
fasihtta: ruoho
   -        heinä
   -        kukka
   -        kasvi

lemma: soahki
fasihtta: koivu

lemma: suoidni
fasihtta: heinä

lemma: guoppar
fasihtta: sieni

lemma: jieret
fasihtta: punainen viinimarja

lemma: rihcit
fasihtta: sammakko

lemma: luomi
fasihtta: lakka
   -        hilla

lemma: láttat
fasihtta: lakka
   -        hilla

lemma: jalŋŋis
fasihtta: kanto

lemma: sarrit
fasihtta: mustikka

lemma: váran
fasihtta: vadelma
   -        vattu

lemma: deappu
fasihtta: levä

lemma: arvi
fasihtta: sade

lemma: arveoakti
fasihtta: sadekuuro

lemma: bajándálki
fasihtta: ukkonen
   -        ukkosilma

lemma: beaiveloddi
fasihtta: perhonen

lemma: beaivi
fasihtta: päivä
   -        aurinko

lemma: beaivvádat
fasihtta: auringonpaiste

lemma: beavža
fasihtta: itätuuli

lemma: biegga
fasihtta: tuuli

lemma: borga
fasihtta: lumipyry

lemma: buoidi
fasihtta: rasva
   -        läski

lemma: čáppadálki
fasihtta: hieno ilma

lemma: dálki
fasihtta: ilma

lemma: fiertu
fasihtta: pouta

lemma: goalki
fasihtta: tyyni

lemma: guoldu
fasihtta: lumipenkka

lemma: guovssahasat
fasihtta: revontuli

lemma: hieibma
fasihtta: tuulenviri
   -        tuulenhenkäys

lemma: jiella
fasihtta: veto

lemma: siivu
fasihtta: keli

lemma: buolaš
fasihtta: kylmyys
   -        pakkanen

lemma: gaskaijabeaivváš
fasihtta: keskiyön aurinko

lemma: muohta
fasihtta: lumi

lemma: appelsiidna
fasihtta: appelsiini

lemma: čáhci
fasihtta: vesi

lemma: biebmu
fasihtta: ruoka

lemma: biergu
fasihtta: liha

lemma: bihppor
fasihtta: pippuri

lemma: spiinnebiergu
fasihtta: sianliha
   -        porsaanliha

lemma: bohccobiergu
fasihtta: poronliha

lemma: borramuš
fasihtta: ruoka

lemma: bruvsa
fasihtta: limsa
   -        limonaati

lemma: buvru
fasihtta: puuro

lemma: dáigi
fasihtta: taikina

lemma: teadja
fasihtta: tee

lemma: deadja
fasihtta: tee

lemma: deajat
fasihtta: tee

lemma: teajat
fasihtta: teenlehdet
   -        tee

lemma: eahketborramuš
fasihtta: iltaruoka
   -        iltapala

lemma: garraláibi
fasihtta: näkkileipä

lemma: gaskabeaivvit
fasihtta: keskipäivä

lemma: gássi
fasihtta: termimaito
   -        korvavaha
   -        vaikku
   -        vaha

lemma: goikebiergu
fasihtta: kuivaliha
   -        kuivattu liha

lemma: sálteguolli
fasihtta: sulakala
   -        suolattu kala

lemma: goikeguolli
fasihtta: kuivakala

lemma: galbmaguolli
fasihtta: pakastekala

lemma: groavaláibi
fasihtta: tumma leipä

lemma: bihpporgáhkku
fasihtta: piparkakku
   -        piparit

lemma: marsipánagáhkku
fasihtta: marsipaanikakku

lemma: ossodat
fasihtta: osasto

lemma: guollegáhkku
fasihtta: kalapulla

lemma: gáfet
fasihtta: kahvi

lemma: káfet
fasihtta: kahvi

lemma: gáffe
fasihtta: kahvi

lemma: káffe
fasihtta: kahvi

lemma: gáhkku
fasihtta: kakku

lemma: hersko
fasihtta: herkku

lemma: iđitbiebmu
fasihtta: aamupala
   -        aamiainen

lemma: juhkamuš
fasihtta: juoma

lemma: jáffut
fasihtta: jauhot

lemma: jáfu
fasihtta: jauho

lemma: jeasta
fasihtta: hiiva

lemma: kakáo
fasihtta: kaakao

lemma: kioska
fasihtta: kioski

lemma: láibesuvli
fasihtta: päällyste

lemma: láibevajahas
fasihtta: leipäviipale

lemma: láibi
fasihtta: leipä

lemma: lákca
fasihtta: kerma

lemma: lákcagáhkku
fasihtta: kermakakku

lemma: liepma
fasihtta: liemi

lemma: luomemeastu
fasihtta: lakkahillo

lemma: manni
fasihtta: muna

lemma: málli
fasihtta: keitto
   -        rokka

lemma: málli
fasihtta: velli

lemma: saláhta
fasihtta: salaatti

lemma: mársu
fasihtta: kori

lemma: márfi
fasihtta: makkara

lemma: majonesa
fasihtta: majoneesi

lemma: mielki
fasihtta: maito

lemma: monni
fasihtta: muna

lemma: mullju
fasihtta: keitetty kalanmaksa

lemma: mullju
fasihtta: sekamelska

lemma: muorjemeastu
fasihtta: hillo

lemma: niesti
fasihtta: eväät

lemma: nisoláibi
fasihtta: vehnäleipä
   -        pulla

lemma: pizza
fasihtta: pizza
   -        pitsa

lemma: risenbuvru
fasihtta: riisipuuro

lemma: roavvaláibi
fasihtta: tuuma leipä

lemma: rohkaláibi
fasihtta: ruisleipä

lemma: návrraš
fasihtta: nauris

lemma: rušpi
fasihtta: porkkana

lemma: sákta
fasihtta: mehu

lemma: sálteluossa
fasihtta: suolalohi

lemma: sáltemárfi
fasihtta: meetvursti

lemma: sálti
fasihtta: suola

lemma: sevsa
fasihtta: kastike

lemma: suovasbiergu
fasihtta: savuliha

lemma: šaddu
fasihtta: kasvi
   -        hedelmä

lemma: šuhkoládagáhkku
fasihtta: suklaakakku

lemma: váffelmávka
fasihtta: vohvelitaikina

lemma: vajahas
fasihtta: viipale

lemma: viidni
fasihtta: viina

lemma: vuodja
fasihtta: voi
   -        rasva

lemma: vuodjaláibi
fasihtta: voileipä

lemma: vuoivvasmeastu
fasihtta: maksapasteija

lemma: vuolla
fasihtta: olut

lemma: vilgesvuostá
fasihtta: juusto

lemma: ruškesvuostá
fasihtta: kutojuusto

lemma: vuostá
fasihtta: juusto

lemma: vuostáláibi
fasihtta: juustovoileipä

lemma: ađa
fasihtta: ydin

lemma: beaivvášláibbáš
fasihtta: aurinkopulla

lemma: biergomális
fasihtta: lihakeitto

lemma: biergomálli
fasihtta: lihakeitto

lemma: biđus
fasihtta: lihakeitto

lemma: buđet
fasihtta: peruna
   -        pottu

lemma: duhpát
fasihtta: tupakka

lemma: eahppel
fasihtta: omena

lemma: ebel
fasihtta: omena

lemma: gumppus
fasihtta: veripaltto

lemma: ráhkadanneavva
fasihtta: resepti

lemma: mális
fasihtta: keitto
   -        rokka

lemma: guhppár
fasihtta: veripaltto

lemma: njálggis
fasihtta: makeiset
   -        makeinen
   -        karkki

lemma: njálggus
fasihtta: karkki
   -        makeiset

lemma: risen
fasihtta: riisi

lemma: sirát
fasihtta: siirappi

lemma: sierát
fasihtta: siirappi

lemma: sohkar
fasihtta: sokeri

lemma: suohkat
fasihtta: puuro

lemma: vuoivvasnjuvddus
fasihtta: maksapasteija

lemma: vuola
fasihtta: olut

lemma: beanaráidu
fasihtta: koiravaljakko

lemma: beassášmátki
fasihtta: pääsiäisretki

lemma: biila
fasihtta: auto

lemma: bileahtta
fasihtta: lippu

lemma: bussa
fasihtta: linja-auto
   -        bussi

lemma: busse
fasihtta: bussi

lemma: bálggis
fasihtta: polku

lemma: dáksevuoddji
fasihtta: taksikuski

lemma: dákse
fasihtta: taksi

lemma: drošše
fasihtta: taksi

lemma: galba
fasihtta: kilpi

lemma: galba
fasihtta: kilpi

lemma: galba
fasihtta: leuka

lemma: geaidnoguorra
fasihtta: tienpenger

lemma: geaidnu
fasihtta: tie

lemma: gielká
fasihtta: kelkka

lemma: gikta
fasihtta: kyyti

lemma: gáhta
fasihtta: katu

lemma: gáhtaearru
fasihtta: katuristeys

lemma: gálvu
fasihtta: tavara

lemma: guollebiila
fasihtta: kala-auto

lemma: guorbmebiila
fasihtta: kuorma-auto

lemma: johtalusčuovga
fasihtta: liikennevalo

lemma: johtalusgalba
fasihtta: liikennemerkki

lemma: luodda
fasihtta: polku

lemma: láhttu
fasihtta: latu

lemma: mátki
fasihtta: matka

lemma: miila
fasihtta: 10 km

lemma: mohtorgielká
fasihtta: lumikelkka
   -        skootteri

lemma: mopeda
fasihtta: mopo

lemma: noađđi
fasihtta: taakka

lemma: oađđenseahkka
fasihtta: makuupussi

lemma: ráidu
fasihtta: raito
   -        rivi
   -        kolonna

lemma: reahka
fasihtta: reki

lemma: rovvi
fasihtta: silta

lemma: sildi
fasihtta: silta

lemma: sáhttu
fasihtta: kyyti

lemma: šaldi
fasihtta: silta

lemma: toga
fasihtta: juna

lemma: tráktor
fasihtta: traktori

lemma: táksi
fasihtta: taksi

lemma: vanca
fasihtta: vene

lemma: váccáhat
fasihtta: jalkakäytävä

lemma: vázzinravda
fasihtta: jalkakäytävä

lemma: vuodjingoarta
fasihtta: ajokortti

lemma: vuodjinkoarta
fasihtta: ajokortti

lemma: goarta
fasihtta: kortti

lemma: koarta
fasihtta: kortti

lemma: juovlagoarta
fasihtta: joulukortti

lemma: juovlakoarta
fasihtta: joulukortti

lemma: fanas
fasihtta: vene

lemma: geres
fasihtta: pulkka

lemma: jieŋas
fasihtta: jääsilta
   -        jäätie

lemma: sabet
fasihtta: suksi

lemma: sihkkel
fasihtta: polkupyörä
   -        pyörä

lemma: sihkkel
fasihtta: polkupyörä
   -        pyörä

lemma: skohtercrossa
fasihtta: kelkkacrossi

lemma: skohter
fasihtta: lumikelkka

lemma: vuoján
fasihtta: ajoporo

lemma: áldu
fasihtta: vaadin

lemma: báiski
fasihtta: kalalokki

lemma: bárbmoloddi
fasihtta: muuttolintu

lemma: beatnagaš
fasihtta: koiranen
   -        pieni koira

lemma: biebmoealli
fasihtta: lemmikkieläin
   -        lemmikki

lemma: bierdna
fasihtta: karhu

lemma: bohkká
fasihtta: pukki

lemma: burru
fasihtta: sonni
   -        härkä

lemma: bussá
fasihtta: kissa
   -        kisu

lemma: ciiku
fasihtta: naaraskoira
   -        narttu

lemma: seaibi
fasihtta: häntä

lemma: čižži
fasihtta: naisen rinta
   -        rinta

lemma: čivga
fasihtta: pentu

lemma: čuoika
fasihtta: hyttynen

lemma: čuovža
fasihtta: siika

lemma: dámmá
fasihtta: tamma

lemma: doaibma
fasihtta: toimi

lemma: diddi
fasihtta: tintti
   -        titti

lemma: divri
fasihtta: hyönteinen

lemma: dorski
fasihtta: turska

lemma: ealli
fasihtta: eläin

lemma: eallu
fasihtta: poroelo
   -        elo
   -        tokka
   -        porotokka

lemma: gabba
fasihtta: valkoinen poro

lemma: gáhttu
fasihtta: kissa

lemma: gáica
fasihtta: vuohi

lemma: gáiru
fasihtta: merilokki

lemma: gálbi
fasihtta: vasikka

lemma: gihcci
fasihtta: eläin

lemma: goddi
fasihtta: villiporo

lemma: gordni
fasihtta: jyvä

lemma: vuonccis
fasihtta: kana

lemma: gumpe
fasihtta: susi

lemma: guolli
fasihtta: kala

lemma: guovža
fasihtta: karhu

lemma: gussa
fasihtta: lehmä

lemma: guigu
fasihtta: hieho

lemma: heargi
fasihtta: porohärkä
   -        ajoporo

lemma: heasta
fasihtta: hevonen

lemma: heavdni
fasihtta: hämähäkki

lemma: ivguheasta
fasihtta: yykeänhevonen

lemma: skire
fasihtta: harakka

lemma: loddi
fasihtta: lintu

lemma: luossa
fasihtta: lohi

lemma: luossaláibi
fasihtta: lohivoileipä

lemma: mearaguolli
fasihtta: merikala

lemma: mearraguolli
fasihtta: merikala

lemma: miessi
fasihtta: vasa

lemma: návdi
fasihtta: susi
   -        petoeläin

lemma: njukča
fasihtta: joutsen

lemma: rávdu
fasihtta: nieriä

lemma: stággu
fasihtta: onki

lemma: váđđu
fasihtta: juksa

lemma: sáidi
fasihtta: seiti
   -        sei

lemma: sáivačáhceguolli
fasihtta: sisävesikala

lemma: sávza
fasihtta: lammas

lemma: spiidni
fasihtta: sika
   -        porsas

lemma: vársá
fasihtta: varsa

lemma: vierca
fasihtta: pässi

lemma: vuoksá
fasihtta: sonni
   -        härkä

lemma: beana
fasihtta: koira

lemma: čearret
fasihtta: tiira

lemma: dápmot
fasihtta: tammukka
   -        purotaimen

lemma: guovssat
fasihtta: nieriä

lemma: muogir
fasihtta: mäkäräinen

lemma: muzet
fasihtta: mustikki

lemma: njoammil
fasihtta: jänis

lemma: rieban
fasihtta: kettu

lemma: rievssat
fasihtta: riekko

lemma: sallit
fasihtta: silli

lemma: goddesarvvis
fasihtta: villihirvas

lemma: sarvvis
fasihtta: hirvas

lemma: sábin
fasihtta: hiiri

lemma: cizáš
fasihtta: pikkulintu

lemma: sáhpán
fasihtta: hiiri

lemma: šibit
fasihtta: kotieläin

lemma: čearpmat
fasihtta: vasa

lemma: boazu
fasihtta: poro

lemma: láppis
fasihtta: karitsa

lemma: niesteboazu
fasihtta: eväsporo

lemma: vielppis
fasihtta: koiranpentu
   -        pentu

lemma: aviisa
fasihtta: lehti
   -        sanomalehti

lemma: árvádus
fasihtta: arvoitus

lemma: bargobihttá
fasihtta: työtehtävä
   -        harjoitus

lemma: beaivegirji
fasihtta: päiväkirja

lemma: duodjegirji
fasihtta: käsityökirja

lemma: boasta
fasihtta: posti

lemma: breava
fasihtta: kirje

lemma: dajahus
fasihtta: sanonta
   -        ilmaisu

lemma: doaivu
fasihtta: usko
   -        toivo

lemma: doaivva
fasihtta: toivo

lemma: dajaldat
fasihtta: sanonta

lemma: dollagáddi
fasihtta: tulisija

lemma: dearvvašvuođaguovddáš
fasihtta: terveyskeskus

lemma: dearvvuohta
fasihtta: terveys

lemma: dikta
fasihtta: runo

lemma: vástádus
fasihtta: vastaus

lemma: fuolkevuođatávval
fasihtta: sukupuu

lemma: fuolkevuođanamahus
fasihtta: sukunimitys

lemma: girji
fasihtta: kirja
   -        kirje

lemma: govvagirji
fasihtta: kuvakirja
   -        kuvaalbumi

lemma: govvaráidu
fasihtta: sarjakuva
   -        kuvasarja

lemma: jearransátni
fasihtta: kysymyssana

lemma: lávllagirji
fasihtta: laulukirja

lemma: lohkamuš
fasihtta: lukeminen

lemma: lohkangirji
fasihtta: lukukirja

lemma: mánáidboddu
fasihtta: lastentunti
   -        lastentuokio

lemma: mánáidgirji
fasihtta: lastenkirja

lemma: muitalus
fasihtta: kertomus

lemma: namahus
fasihtta: nimitys

lemma: oahppogirji
fasihtta: oppikirja

lemma: poasta
fasihtta: posti

lemma: reive
fasihtta: kirje

lemma: riegádanbeaivedearvvuođat
fasihtta: syntymäpäiväterveys

lemma: ruovttusiidu
fasihtta: kotisivu

lemma: hoahkan
fasihtta: loru

lemma: sáhka
fasihtta: kerrottava
   -        juttu
   -        puhe
   -        puheenaihe
   -        uutinen

lemma: sálbmagirji
fasihtta: virsikirja

lemma: sátnegirji
fasihtta: sanakirja

lemma: sátni
fasihtta: sana

lemma: skuvlagirji
fasihtta: koulukirja

lemma: teaksta
fasihtta: teksti

lemma: biibbal
fasihtta: raamattu

lemma: cealkka
fasihtta: lause

lemma: čála
fasihtta: kirjoitus
   -        kirjelmä

lemma: čálus
fasihtta: kirjelmä
   -        luonnos

lemma: máinnas
fasihtta: tarina
   -        lastentuokio

lemma: báhti
fasihtta: pata

lemma: bumbá
fasihtta: kirstu

lemma: gássa
fasihtta: laatikko
   -        kassa

lemma: kássa
fasihtta: laatikko
   -        kassa

lemma: giehtalávka
fasihtta: käsilaukku

lemma: giisá
fasihtta: kirstu

lemma: teadjakohppa
fasihtta: teekuppi

lemma: deadjagohppu
fasihtta: teekuppi

lemma: gohppu
fasihtta: kuppi

lemma: kohppa
fasihtta: kuppi

lemma: láse
fasihtta: lasi

lemma: lávka
fasihtta: laukku

lemma: loavdda
fasihtta: laavukangas

lemma: lihtti
fasihtta: astia
   -        vati

lemma: máleslihtti
fasihtta: kattila
   -        ruokailuastia

lemma: vuoššanruitu
fasihtta: kattila
   -        keittoastia

lemma: málesruitu
fasihtta: kattila

lemma: mugga
fasihtta: kannu

lemma: ruitu
fasihtta: pata

lemma: seahkka
fasihtta: säkki
   -        pussi
   -        reppu
   -        rinkka

lemma: skáhppu
fasihtta: laatikko

lemma: spánnja
fasihtta: pytty

lemma: eappir
fasihtta: ämpäri
   -        pytty

lemma: ássanguovlu
fasihtta: asuinalue

lemma: čoahkkebáiki
fasihtta: taajama

lemma: báiki
fasihtta: paikka

lemma: bárbmu
fasihtta: etelä
   -        parvi

lemma: deaivvadansadji
fasihtta: tapaamispaikka

lemma: gielda
fasihtta: kunta

lemma: gilli
fasihtta: kylä

lemma: guovlu
fasihtta: alue

lemma: máilbmi
fasihtta: maailma

lemma: márkanbáiki
fasihtta: kirkonkylä

lemma: olgoriika
fasihtta: ulkomaa

lemma: riika
fasihtta: valtio
   -        maa

lemma: riikkarádji
fasihtta: valtionraja
   -        riikinraja

lemma: riikkarádjá
fasihtta: valtionraja
   -        riikinraja

lemma: rádji
fasihtta: raja

lemma: ráigi
fasihtta: reikä

lemma: rádjá
fasihtta: raja

lemma: smáhkku
fasihtta: tikku

lemma: sadjásaš
fasihtta: sijainen

lemma: sadji
fasihtta: paikka
   -        sija

lemma: gávpot
fasihtta: kaupunki

lemma: ráđđeaddi
fasihtta: neuvonantaja
   -        neuvoja

lemma: ráđđehus
fasihtta: hallitus

lemma: stuorradiggi
fasihtta: suurkäräjät

lemma: suohkanstivra
fasihtta: kunnanvaltuusto
   -        kunnanhallitus

lemma: gielddastivra
fasihtta: kunnanvaltuusto
   -        kunnanhallitus

lemma: ásahus
fasihtta: laitos
   -        instituutio

lemma: sámediggi
fasihtta: saamelaiskäräjät

lemma: suohkan
fasihtta: kunta

lemma: áibmi
fasihtta: äimä

lemma: árpu
fasihtta: lanka

lemma: báhkki
fasihtta: pahka

lemma: čoarvebaste
fasihtta: sarvilusikka

lemma: arvedálki
fasihtta: sadeilma

lemma: arvedávgi
fasihtta: sateenkaari

lemma: mierká
fasihtta: sumu

lemma: čoarveduodji
fasihtta: luukäsityö

lemma: čoarveniibi
fasihtta: luupuukko

lemma: čoarvi
fasihtta: sarvi

lemma: dorte
fasihtta: rukki

lemma: duodji
fasihtta: käsityö

lemma: dákti
fasihtta: luu

lemma: fearga
fasihtta: väri

lemma: fearga
fasihtta: lautta

lemma: guksi
fasihtta: kuksa
   -        äyskäri

lemma: ivdni
fasihtta: väri

lemma: láđđi
fasihtta: verka
   -        vaate

lemma: láigi
fasihtta: lanka

lemma: náhkki
fasihtta: nahka

lemma: nállu
fasihtta: neula

lemma: riebangolli
fasihtta: kattikulta

lemma: sisti
fasihtta: sisna

lemma: skierat
fasihtta: sakset

lemma: skárrit
fasihtta: sakset

lemma: ullu
fasihtta: villa

lemma: gámagoarrun
fasihtta: kengänkudonta

lemma: ballu
fasihtta: pelko

lemma: gárta
fasihtta: kartta

lemma: kárta
fasihtta: kartta

lemma: borranmiella
fasihtta: ruokahalu

lemma: goiku
fasihtta: jano

lemma: heahti
fasihtta: hätä

lemma: iđitgáffe
fasihtta: aamukahvi

lemma: hállu
fasihtta: halu

lemma: illu
fasihtta: ilo

lemma: miella
fasihtta: mieli
   -        tuuli
   -        mieliala

lemma: moraš
fasihtta: suru

lemma: nealgi
fasihtta: nälkä

lemma: riidu
fasihtta: riita

lemma: ráhkesvuohta
fasihtta: rakkaus

lemma: ustitvuohta
fasihtta: ystävyys

lemma: váivi
fasihtta: vaiva

lemma: áigumuš
fasihtta: aikominen
   -        tahto

lemma: álgu
fasihtta: alku

lemma: árbevierru
fasihtta: perinne
   -        traditio

lemma: árvu
fasihtta: arvo

lemma: ávki
fasihtta: hyöty

lemma: ášši
fasihtta: asia

lemma: bassi
fasihtta: pyhä

lemma: čilgehus
fasihtta: selitys

lemma: dáhpáhus
fasihtta: tapahtuma

lemma: dárbu
fasihtta: tarve

lemma: dássi
fasihtta: taso

lemma: diehtu
fasihtta: tieto

lemma: dikšu
fasihtta: hoitaja

lemma: dikšu
fasihtta: hoito

lemma: dilli
fasihtta: tila
   -        olotila

lemma: duohtavuohta
fasihtta: totuus

lemma: geahči
fasihtta: kärki
   -        pää
   -        loppu

lemma: gáibádus
fasihtta: vaatimus

lemma: goargu
fasihtta: sukunimi

lemma: hoahppu
fasihtta: kiire

lemma: lihkku
fasihtta: onni

lemma: lihkohisvuohta
fasihtta: onnettomuus

lemma: loahppa
fasihtta: loppu

lemma: loatna
fasihtta: laina

lemma: lohpi
fasihtta: lupa

lemma: máhttu
fasihtta: taito
   -        osaaminen

lemma: namma
fasihtta: nimi

lemma: niehku
fasihtta: uni

lemma: osku
fasihtta: usko
   -        uskonto

lemma: ovdanamma
fasihtta: etunimi

lemma: riekti
fasihtta: oikeus

lemma: sivva
fasihtta: syy

lemma: sávaldat
fasihtta: toive
   -        toivomus

lemma: sohka
fasihtta: suku

lemma: sohkanamma
fasihtta: sukunimi

lemma: vuohki
fasihtta: tapa

lemma: vejolašvuohta
fasihtta: mahdollisuus

lemma: vuoigatvuohta
fasihtta: oikeus

lemma: vuođđu
fasihtta: perusta
   -        pohja

lemma: váldoášši
fasihtta: pääasia

lemma: doarjja
fasihtta: tuki

lemma: jurdda
fasihtta: ajatus
   -        idea

lemma: oaivil
fasihtta: mielipide

lemma: ulbmil
fasihtta: tavoite
   -        päämäärä
   -        tarkoitus

lemma: bargosadji
fasihtta: työpaikka

lemma: guollebargu
fasihtta: kalastustyö

lemma: bargu
fasihtta: työ

lemma: bivdu
fasihtta: pyynti

lemma: bálká
fasihtta: palkka

lemma: eanandoallu
fasihtta: maatalous
   -        maanviljely

lemma: eatnandoallu
fasihtta: maatalous
   -        maanviljely

lemma: fabrihkka
fasihtta: tehdas

lemma: fitnodat
fasihtta: yritys
   -        firma

lemma: guolásteaddji
fasihtta: kalastaja

lemma: guolásteapmi
fasihtta: kalastus
   -        kalastaminen

lemma: guollebivdu
fasihtta: kalastus
   -        kalastaminen

lemma: ládju
fasihtta: heinätyö

lemma: mearrabivdu
fasihtta: kalastus
   -        kalastaminen

lemma: boazodoallu
fasihtta: poronhoito

lemma: sávzadoallu
fasihtta: lampaanhoito

lemma: adreassa
fasihtta: osoite

lemma: čujuhus
fasihtta: osoite
   -        viite
   -        viittaus

lemma: šibitdoallu
fasihtta: eläinpito
   -        eläinhoito
   -        karjatalous

lemma: šibitdállu
fasihtta: maatila

lemma: virgi
fasihtta: virka

lemma: irgi
fasihtta: poikaystävä
   -        sulhanen
   -        valtio

lemma: modji
fasihtta: hymy

lemma: moarsi
fasihtta: tyttöystävä
   -        morsian

lemma: čájáhus
fasihtta: esittely
   -        näyttely
   -        esitys

lemma: čájálmas
fasihtta: näyttely

lemma: eiseváldi
fasihtta: viranomaiset
   -        viranomainen

lemma: feasta
fasihtta: juhla
   -        bileet

lemma: filbma
fasihtta: elokuva
   -        filmi

lemma: gásta
fasihtta: kaste
   -        kastejuhla

lemma: gilisearvi
fasihtta: kyläseura

lemma: gilvu
fasihtta: kilpailu

lemma: mállásat
fasihtta: päivällinen

lemma: heajat
fasihtta: häät

lemma: juoigankonsearta
fasihtta: joikukonsertti

lemma: omman
fasihtta: uuni
   -        hella

lemma: uvdna
fasihtta: uuni
   -        hella

lemma: juovlafeasta
fasihtta: joulujuhla

lemma: konfirmašuvdna
fasihtta: rippijuhla
   -        konfirmaatio

lemma: konsearta
fasihtta: konsertti
   -        esitys

lemma: máilmmicup
fasihtta: maailmancupi

lemma: searvi
fasihtta: seura

lemma: stivra
fasihtta: johtokunta
   -        hallitus

lemma: stáhta
fasihtta: valtio

lemma: teáhter
fasihtta: teatteri

lemma: beassášmárkan
fasihtta: pääsiäismarkkina

lemma: čoahkkin
fasihtta: kokous

lemma: čuoigan
fasihtta: hiihtokilpailu
   -        hiihto

lemma: heargevuodjin
fasihtta: härällä ajo

lemma: márkan
fasihtta: markkina
   -        kirkonkylä

lemma: náittus
fasihtta: häät

lemma: váhnenčoahkkin
fasihtta: vanhempainkokous

lemma: jietna
fasihtta: ääni

lemma: kaseahtta
fasihtta: kasetti

lemma: áigodat
fasihtta: ajanjakso

lemma: lullisápmelaš
fasihtta: eteläsaamelainen

lemma: johttisápmelaš
fasihtta: jutaava saamelainen

lemma: beroštupmi
fasihtta: kiinnostus

lemma: rievssatbivdu
fasihtta: riekonpyynti

lemma: luossabivdu
fasihtta: lohikalastus

lemma: sálbma
fasihtta: virsi

lemma: áhpi
fasihtta: meri

lemma: áirras
fasihtta: edustaja

lemma: lávlla
fasihtta: laulu

lemma: luohti
fasihtta: joiku

lemma: musihkka
fasihtta: musiikki

lemma: skearru
fasihtta: levy

lemma: cummá
fasihtta: suukko

lemma: hálddahus
fasihtta: hallinto

lemma: oahppu
fasihtta: oppi

lemma: birasoahppu
fasihtta: ympäristöoppi

lemma: bihttá
fasihtta: pala
   -        palanen
   -        osa
   -        läksy

lemma: čorbma
fasihtta: nyrkki

lemma: čállingirji
fasihtta: kirjoitusvihko

lemma: diibmoplána
fasihtta: aikataulu
   -        lukujärjestys

lemma: tiibmaplána
fasihtta: aikataulu
   -        lukujärjestys

lemma: duodjelatnja
fasihtta: käsityöhuone

lemma: eallinoaidnu
fasihtta: elämänkatsomus

lemma: etihkka
fasihtta: etiikka

lemma: fáddá
fasihtta: aihe

lemma: fága
fasihtta: oppiaine

lemma: joavku
fasihtta: ryhmä

lemma: joavkobargu
fasihtta: ryhmätyö

lemma: klássalatnja
fasihtta: luokkahuone

lemma: kristtalašvuohta
fasihtta: kristinusko

lemma: risttalašvuohta
fasihtta: ristinusko

lemma: lášmmohallan
fasihtta: jumppa
   -        liikunta

lemma: leaksu
fasihtta: kotityö
   -        läksy

lemma: linjála
fasihtta: viivoitin

lemma: lohkanbihttá
fasihtta: lukukappale

lemma: luohkkálatnja
fasihtta: luokkahuone

lemma: matematihkka
fasihtta: matematiikka

lemma: guoddá
fasihtta: tyyny

lemma: guoddá
fasihtta: patja

lemma: mánoheahpi
fasihtta: kuutamo

lemma: pulta
fasihtta: pulpetti

lemma: ruovttubargu
fasihtta: läksy
   -        kotitehtävä

lemma: ruovttudoallu
fasihtta: kotitalous

lemma: servodatoahppu
fasihtta: yhteiskuntatieto

lemma: skuvlafága
fasihtta: kouluaine

lemma: skuvlalatnja
fasihtta: luokkahuone

lemma: skuvlašillju
fasihtta: koulupiha

lemma: verddeskuvla
fasihtta: ystäväkoulu

lemma: távval
fasihtta: taulu

lemma: ginttal
fasihtta: kynttilä
   -        vahakynttilä

lemma: čierastallanluohkká
fasihtta: laskettelumäki

lemma: dihtorspeallu
fasihtta: tietokonepeli
   -        tietsikkapeli

lemma: giehtaspábba
fasihtta: käsipallo

lemma: sáttošloahtta
fasihtta: hiekkalinna

lemma: sátta
fasihtta: lähetys

lemma: speallu
fasihtta: peli

lemma: stoahkanapparáhtta
fasihtta: leikkiteline

lemma: vávvá
fasihtta: nukke

lemma: čieran
fasihtta: lumilauta

lemma: heargegilvovuodjin
fasihtta: porokilpa-ajo

lemma: hápmi
fasihtta: ulkonäkö

lemma: čoavddus
fasihtta: ratkaisu

lemma: bargobierggas
fasihtta: työkalu

lemma: beavdeguorra
fasihtta: pöydän reuna

lemma: biergoskadjá
fasihtta: lihavaja
   -        lihatalas

lemma: boađđu
fasihtta: kari

lemma: borranbeavdi
fasihtta: ruokapöytä

lemma: bábir
fasihtta: paperi

lemma: bálddis
fasihtta: pallas

lemma: báhkka
fasihtta: paketti

lemma: báhkka
fasihtta: helle
   -        kuuma

lemma: páhkka
fasihtta: paketti

lemma: bákti
fasihtta: kallio

lemma: dienas
fasihtta: ansio

lemma: doavttirskuvla
fasihtta: lääketieteellinen tiedekunta
   -        tohtorikoulu

lemma: dovdu
fasihtta: tunne

lemma: girjegávpi
fasihtta: kirjakauppa

lemma: duodjegávpi
fasihtta: käsityöliike

lemma: duodječájáhus
fasihtta: käsityönäyttely
   -        taidenäyttely

lemma: dárra
fasihtta: levä

lemma: dáčča
fasihtta: norjalainen

lemma: earri
fasihtta: kiintiö

lemma: fabrihkkarátnu
fasihtta: tehdasmatto

lemma: fanasgoahti
fasihtta: venevaja

lemma: fielbmá
fasihtta: puro

lemma: fiervábuvri
fasihtta: venevaja

lemma: fylkkasuohkan
fasihtta: lääni

lemma: fylkkagielda
fasihtta: lääni

lemma: fylka
fasihtta: lääni

lemma: fylkkaviessu
fasihtta: läänintalo

lemma: fálaldat
fasihtta: tarjous

lemma: garra
fasihtta: kuori

lemma: gaska
fasihtta: väli

lemma: gavja
fasihtta: pöly

lemma: geassenávet
fasihtta: kesänavetta

lemma: goartil
fasihtta: vartti

lemma: goaŋku
fasihtta: keitinselkä

lemma: gohttensadji
fasihtta: leirintäalue

lemma: guolleoaivi
fasihtta: kalapää

lemma: guolleskadjá
fasihtta: kalastusvaja
   -        venevaja

lemma: gávpegálvu
fasihtta: kauppatavara

lemma: headjaskeaŋka
fasihtta: häälahja

lemma: hárjehus
fasihtta: harjoitus

lemma: ipmil
fasihtta: jumala
   -        jumalatar

lemma: ipmilbálvalus
fasihtta: jumalanpalvelus

lemma: jagiáigi
fasihtta: vuodenaika

lemma: kaleanddar
fasihtta: kalenteri

lemma: keaksa
fasihtta: keksi

lemma: koarra
fasihtta: kuoro

lemma: kontu
fasihtta: tili

lemma: kursalatnja
fasihtta: kurssihuone

lemma: gursalatnja
fasihtta: kurssihuone

lemma: kvárta
fasihtta: vartti
   -        neljännestunti

lemma: lastagoahti
fasihtta: lehtikota
   -        lehtilato

lemma: leahki
fasihtta: laakso

lemma: eahki
fasihtta: isän vanhempi veli
tcomm: setä

lemma: eanu
fasihtta: eno

lemma: nurki
fasihtta: kulma

lemma: njuolla
fasihtta: nuoli

lemma: bižus
fasihtta: kapustarinta

lemma: guohtun
fasihtta: laidun

lemma: gáddebuvvet
fasihtta: viklo

lemma: čuokkis
fasihtta: piste

lemma: čuokkis
fasihtta: piste

lemma: siilosuoidni
fasihtta: siiloheinä

lemma: ahki
fasihtta: ikä

lemma: bargoskihpár
fasihtta: kollega

lemma: basadangárri
fasihtta: lavuaari

lemma: beavddáš
fasihtta: pöytänen
   -        pieni pöytä

lemma: dihtorfitnodat
fasihtta: tietokoneyritys
   -        tietokonefirma

lemma: diibmobealli
fasihtta: puolitunti

lemma: duhkoras
fasihtta: lelu

lemma: duođaštus
fasihtta: todistus
   -        todiste
   -        dokumentaatio
   -        vahvistus

lemma: ealáhat
fasihtta: eläke
   -        laidun

lemma: geardeviessu
fasihtta: kerrostalo

lemma: girjehildu
fasihtta: kirjahylly

lemma: gáfeboddu
fasihtta: kahvitauko
   -        kahvituokio

lemma: kantiidna
fasihtta: ruokala
   -        kuppila

lemma: koaffar
fasihtta: matkalaukku

lemma: láhka
fasihtta: laki
   -        made

lemma: láhtterátnu
fasihtta: lattiamatto
   -        matto

lemma: láseráigi
fasihtta: ikkuna

lemma: lávgungárri
fasihtta: kylpyamme
   -        amme

lemma: lávgunlatnja
fasihtta: kylpyhuone

lemma: mieiganstuollu
fasihtta: nojatuoli

lemma: nagir
fasihtta: uni

lemma: náhkkesoffá
fasihtta: nahkasohva

lemma: oasseváldi
fasihtta: osallistuja
   -        osaanottaja

lemma: olgouksa
fasihtta: ulko-ovi

lemma: ovttasorru
fasihtta: avopuoliso

lemma: raddi
fasihtta: rinta

lemma: readdju
fasihtta: takki

lemma: rumašlahttu
fasihtta: elin
   -        ruumiinosa

lemma: ruska
fasihtta: roska

lemma: rámbuvra
fasihtta: kauppa

lemma: vahkkobláđđi
fasihtta: viikkolehti

lemma: vuogádat
fasihtta: järjestelmä

lemma: vuoktačuohppi
fasihtta: kampaaja

lemma: ásodat
fasihtta: asunto

lemma: čoalli
fasihtta: suoli

lemma: čotta
fasihtta: kurkku

lemma: šuhkoláda
fasihtta: suklaa

lemma: albbas
fasihtta: ilves

lemma: banána
fasihtta: banaani

lemma: boradanlatnja
fasihtta: ruokahuone

lemma: boraspire
fasihtta: peto
   -        petoeläin

lemma: borranlustu
fasihtta: ruokahalu

lemma: bussáealli
fasihtta: kissaeläin

lemma: deaivvadeapmi
fasihtta: tapaaminen

lemma: dopmu
fasihtta: pöly

lemma: eappel
fasihtta: omena

lemma: evre
fasihtta: äyri

lemma: friddjabeaivi
fasihtta: vapaapäivä

lemma: geahppamielki
fasihtta: kevytmaito

lemma: giittos
fasihtta: kiitos

lemma: goddesáhpán
fasihtta: sopuli

lemma: guite
fasihtta: kuitti

lemma: guollejávri
fasihtta: kalajärvi

lemma: guollelihkku
fasihtta: kalaonni

lemma: guovddáš
fasihtta: keskus
   -        keskusta

lemma: guovssu
fasihtta: koitto

lemma: guođohanbarta
fasihtta: paimenmökki

lemma: gurká
fasihtta: kurkku

lemma: gutna
fasihtta: tuhka

lemma: gáfehádja
fasihtta: kahvin tuoksu
   -        kahvintuoksu

lemma: gávppašanlihppu
fasihtta: kauppalista

lemma: gávppašanlistu
fasihtta: kauppalista

lemma: hádja
fasihtta: haju

lemma: johtolatčuovga
fasihtta: liikennevalo

lemma: jugus
fasihtta: juoma

lemma: jumešbealli
fasihtta: kaksonen

lemma: jándor
fasihtta: vuorokausi

lemma: lihppu
fasihtta: lippu

lemma: liiba
fasihtta: mahdollisuus
   -        mahis

lemma: listu
fasihtta: luettelo
   -        lista

lemma: luoddaearru
fasihtta: tieristeys
   -        katuristeys
   -        risteys

lemma: luopmobeaivi
fasihtta: lomapäivä

lemma: luossabihttá
fasihtta: lohipala

lemma: mannji
fasihtta: miniä

lemma: maŋŋelgaskabeaivi
fasihtta: iltapäivä

lemma: njálggeshildu
fasihtta: karkkihylly

lemma: oarri
fasihtta: orava

lemma: olggoš
fasihtta: kansio

lemma: olgoseaidni
fasihtta: ulkoseinä

lemma: orohat
fasihtta: paliskunta

lemma: orrunlatnja
fasihtta: olohuone
   -        tupa

lemma: ođas
fasihtta: uutinen

lemma: roahttu
fasihtta: rotta

lemma: rámburbargi
fasihtta: kaupantyöntekijä
   -        myyjä

lemma: suoskangumme
fasihtta: purukumi
   -        purkka

lemma: ságat
fasihtta: uutiset
   -        uutinen

lemma: uksabiellu
fasihtta: ovikello

lemma: vahkkobeaivi
fasihtta: viikonpäivä

lemma: veaigi
fasihtta: iltahämärä

lemma: vuohppa
fasihtta: appiukko
   -        appi

lemma: vuoni
fasihtta: anoppi

lemma: várregilga
fasihtta: vuorenrinne

lemma: ámadadju
fasihtta: kasvot

lemma: šlahtti
fasihtta: räntä

lemma: čottanjálggis
fasihtta: pastilli

lemma: čuorpmas
fasihtta: jäärae
   -        rae
