Dato: ons 21 des 2011 20:21:46 CET

lemma:    doaččis
fasihtta: hiljaa virtaava

lemma:    duorššas
fasihtta: litteänaamainen
   -      lättänaamainen

lemma:    dárki
fasihtta: tarkka

lemma:    ealus
fasihtta: eloansa

lemma:    čižžái
fasihtta: rintava
   -      isotissinen

lemma:    čogas
fasihtta: terävä

lemma:    sierra
fasihtta: erikseen

lemma:    veajuheapme
fasihtta: voimaton
   -      huonovointinen

lemma:    albma
fasihtta: oikea
   -      aito
   -      kunnon

lemma:    bassi
fasihtta: pyhä

lemma:    bivššas
fasihtta: tyylikäs

lemma:    boaresáigásaš
fasihtta: vanhanaikainen

lemma:    buolaš
fasihtta: pakkanen

lemma:    deahkkái
fasihtta: lihaksikas

lemma:    devkesruškat
fasihtta: tummanruskea

lemma:    dievas
fasihtta: täysi

lemma:    dihto
fasihtta: tietty

lemma:    duohta
fasihtta: totta
   -      tosi

lemma:    duđavaš
fasihtta: tyytyväinen

lemma:    dálá
fasihtta: nykyinen
   -      tämänhetkinen

lemma:    erenoamáš
fasihtta: erityinen

lemma:    fioleahtta
fasihtta: violetti

lemma:    friddja
fasihtta: vapaa
   -      vapaasti

lemma:    geahnoheapme
fasihtta: heikko

lemma:    gierdavaš
fasihtta: kärsivällinen

lemma:    girjjat
fasihtta: kirjava

lemma:    girjái
fasihtta: kirjava

lemma:    govttolaš
fasihtta: kohtalainen
   -      kohtuullinen

lemma:    guhkesjuolggat
fasihtta: pitkäjalkainen

lemma:    hearvái
fasihtta: huvittava

lemma:    hillján
fasihtta: hiljainen

lemma:    historjjálaš
fasihtta: historiallinen

lemma:    iešguđetlágan
fasihtta: monenlainen
   -      erilainen

lemma:    ivdnái
fasihtta: värikäs

lemma:    juohkelágan
fasihtta: kaikenlaiset

lemma:    jállu
fasihtta: rohkea
   -      peloton

lemma:    lagaš
fasihtta: läheinen

lemma:    láđis
fasihtta: lempeä

lemma:    lášmat
fasihtta: vikkelä

lemma:    maŋimuš
fasihtta: viimeinen

lemma:    máŋggalágan
fasihtta: monenlainen

lemma:    njálggis
fasihtta: hyvänmakuinen
   -      makeinen

lemma:    njárbat
fasihtta: nestemäinen
   -      ohut

lemma:    ollis
fasihtta: koko
   -      kokonainen
   -      aikuinen

lemma:    oppa
fasihtta: koko

lemma:    oránša
fasihtta: oranssi

lemma:    ovddeš
fasihtta: entinen

lemma:    ovttaskas
fasihtta: yksittäinen

lemma:    priváhta
fasihtta: yksityinen

lemma:    rašši
fasihtta: arka
   -      vähän kipeä

lemma:    rihča
fasihtta: kitkerä

lemma:    ruoinnas
fasihtta: laiha

lemma:    suohkat
fasihtta: sakea
   -      tiheä

lemma:    suollemas
fasihtta: salainen

lemma:    suvrris
fasihtta: hapan

lemma:    vearrái
fasihtta: paha
   -      hankala

lemma:    šearrat
fasihtta: kirkas

lemma:    čeaskat
fasihtta: kirkas

lemma:    čiegus
fasihtta: salainen
   -      kätketty

lemma:    čuovvovaš
fasihtta: seuraava

lemma:    čuvgesvuovttat
fasihtta: vaaleahiuksinen

lemma:    čáppis
fasihtta: kaunis

lemma:    jaskat
fasihtta: hiljainen
   -      tyyni

lemma:    njálmmálaš
fasihtta: suullinen

lemma:    čálalaš
fasihtta: kirjallinen

lemma:    árbevirolaš
fasihtta: perinteinen

lemma:    áigeguovdil
fasihtta: ajankohtainen

lemma:    riikkaidgaskasaš
fasihtta: kansainvälinen

lemma:    oktasaš
fasihtta: yhteinen

lemma:    oanehaš
fasihtta: lyhyt

lemma:    mávssolaš
fasihtta: arvokas

lemma:    oadjebas
fasihtta: turvallinen

lemma:    miellagiddevaš
fasihtta: mielenkiintoinen

lemma:    lunddolaš
fasihtta: luonnollinen

lemma:    gárvvis
fasihtta: valmis

lemma:    guovttegielalaš
fasihtta: kaksikielinen

lemma:    gaskamearálaš
fasihtta: keskivertainen

lemma:    eahpečielggas
fasihtta: epäselvä

lemma:    dárkil
fasihtta: tarkka

lemma:    dárbbašlaš
fasihtta: tarpeellinen

lemma:    duođalaš
fasihtta: vakava

lemma:    báikkálaš
fasihtta: paikallinen

lemma:    bistevaš
fasihtta: pysyvä

lemma:    bissovaš
fasihtta: pysyvä

lemma:    almmolaš
fasihtta: julkinen

lemma:    asehaš
fasihtta: ohut

lemma:    árgi
fasihtta: pelokas

lemma:    guoleheapme
fasihtta: kalaton

lemma:    bealjeheapme
fasihtta: kuuro

lemma:    čalmmeheapme
fasihtta: sokea

lemma:    hutkái
fasihtta: kekseliäs

lemma:    čeahppi
fasihtta: taitava

lemma:    gárži
fasihtta: kapea
   -      ahdas

lemma:    čeavlái
fasihtta: ylimielinen

lemma:    čuorbi
fasihtta: kömpelö
   -      taitamaton
   -      tunari

lemma:    duiska
fasihtta: saksalainen

lemma:    njálggat
fasihtta: makea

lemma:    duhtavaš
fasihtta: tyytyväinen

lemma:    geaffi
fasihtta: köyhä

lemma:    geafi
fasihtta: köyhä

lemma:    guhkki
fasihtta: pitkä

lemma:    hávski
fasihtta: hauska

lemma:    jierbmái
fasihtta: järkevä
   -      järjellinen

lemma:    juolggeheapme
fasihtta: huonojalkainen

lemma:    mánáheapme
fasihtta: lapseton

lemma:    lihkoheapme
fasihtta: onneton

lemma:    lihkolaš
fasihtta: onnellinen

lemma:    láiki
fasihtta: laiska

lemma:    nuorra
fasihtta: nuori

lemma:    ollislaš
fasihtta: täydellinen

lemma:    ustitlaš
fasihtta: ystävällinen

lemma:    gievra
fasihtta: vahva
   -      voimakas

lemma:    risttalaš
fasihtta: kristillinen

lemma:    kristtalaš
fasihtta: kristillinen

lemma:    sávri
fasihtta: kestävä

lemma:    seaggi
fasihtta: ohut
   -      kapea

lemma:    amas
fasihtta: vieras
   -      outo

lemma:    beakkán
fasihtta: kuuluisa

lemma:    bivnnut
fasihtta: suosittu

lemma:    boaris
fasihtta: vanha

lemma:    goikkis
fasihtta: kuiva

lemma:    buozas
fasihtta: sairas

lemma:    oahpis
fasihtta: tunnettu
   -      tuttu

lemma:    vieris
fasihtta: vieras

lemma:    viššal
fasihtta: ahkera
   -      viitseliäs

lemma:    rikkis
fasihtta: rikas

lemma:    bahá
fasihtta: paha
   -      vihainen

lemma:    buoidi
fasihtta: lihava
   -      paksu

lemma:    falli
fasihtta: nopea

lemma:    fasti
fasihtta: ruma
   -      huono
   -      iljettävä

lemma:    fámolaš
fasihtta: voimakas

lemma:    jalla
fasihtta: hullu
   -      typerä
   -      tyhmä

lemma:    luohttevaš
fasihtta: luotettava

lemma:    lobiheapme
fasihtta: laiton

lemma:    ruđaheapme
fasihtta: rahaton
   -      p.a.
   -      p. a.
   -      peeaa

lemma:    muoseheapme
fasihtta: rauhaton

lemma:    njoahci
fasihtta: hidas

lemma:    headju
fasihtta: huono
   -      heikko

lemma:    heittot
fasihtta: huono
   -      heikko

lemma:    neavri
fasihtta: huono
   -      piru

lemma:    siivui
fasihtta: kiltti

lemma:    šiega
fasihtta: kiltti
   -      hyvätapainen

lemma:    uhcci
fasihtta: pieni

lemma:    unni
fasihtta: pieni

lemma:    váralaš
fasihtta: vaarallinen

lemma:    issoras
fasihtta: hirveä
   -      kamala
   -      pelottava
   -      kauhea

lemma:    allat
fasihtta: korkea

lemma:    lossat
fasihtta: raskas
   -      painava

lemma:    govdat
fasihtta: leveä

lemma:    gassat
fasihtta: paksu

lemma:    ártet
fasihtta: kummallinen
   -      outo
   -      erikoinen
   -      merkillinen
   -      ihmeellinen

lemma:    gávvil
fasihtta: ovela
   -      katala

lemma:    hiđis
fasihtta: hidas

lemma:    hilbat
fasihtta: villi

lemma:    ráhkis
fasihtta: rakas

lemma:    jorbbas
fasihtta: pyöreä

lemma:    johtil
fasihtta: nopea

lemma:    geahpas
fasihtta: kevyt

lemma:    stuoris
fasihtta: suuri
   -      iso

lemma:    gallji
fasihtta: väljä
   -      iso

lemma:    baski
fasihtta: ahdas

lemma:    dábálaš
fasihtta: tavallinen

lemma:    heivvolaš
fasihtta: sopiva

lemma:    hálbi
fasihtta: halpa

lemma:    ropmi
fasihtta: ruma

lemma:    ruošša
fasihtta: venäläinen

lemma:    ránska
fasihtta: ranskalainen

lemma:    ruoná
fasihtta: vihreä

lemma:    ođas
fasihtta: uusi

lemma:    ođđaáigásaš
fasihtta: uudenaikainen
   -      moderni

lemma:    ruoksat
fasihtta: punainen

lemma:    ruškat
fasihtta: ruskea

lemma:    seavdnjat
fasihtta: tumma
   -      pimeä

lemma:    suohtas
fasihtta: mukava
   -      hauska

lemma:    sáhppat
fasihtta: violetti

lemma:    vuogas
fasihtta: sopiva

lemma:    linis
fasihtta: pehmeä

lemma:    alit
fasihtta: sininen

lemma:    assái
fasihtta: paksu

lemma:    liekkus
fasihtta: mieto

lemma:    divrras
fasihtta: kallis

lemma:    fiskat
fasihtta: keltainen

lemma:    galmmas
fasihtta: kylmä

lemma:    buhtis
fasihtta: puhdas

lemma:    duolvvas
fasihtta: likainen

lemma:    ráinnas
fasihtta: puhdas

lemma:    ránis
fasihtta: harmaa

lemma:    čuovgat
fasihtta: valoisaa
   -      vaalea
   -      heleä
   -      kirkas

lemma:    čáhppat
fasihtta: musta

lemma:    šealgat
fasihtta: kiiltävä

lemma:    vielgat
fasihtta: valkoinen

lemma:    vilddas
fasihtta: villi

lemma:    čáppat
fasihtta: kaunis

lemma:    fiinnis
fasihtta: hieno

lemma:    guohca
fasihtta: mätä
   -      pilaantunut

lemma:    somá
fasihtta: hauska
   -      mukava

lemma:    buorre
fasihtta: hyvä

lemma:    varas
fasihtta: tuore

lemma:    bahča
fasihtta: kitkerä
   -      katkera
   -      pahanmakuinen
   -      karvas

lemma:    liekkas
fasihtta: lämmin

lemma:    álki
fasihtta: helppo

lemma:    deaŧalaš
fasihtta: tärkeä

lemma:    dehálaš
fasihtta: tärkeä

lemma:    dovddus
fasihtta: tunnettu
   -      tuttu

lemma:    gelddolaš
fasihtta: jännittävä

lemma:    váttis
fasihtta: vaikea

lemma:    birolaš
fasihtta: pirullinen

lemma:    čielggas
fasihtta: selvä
   -      selkeä

lemma:    láivi
fasihtta: heikko

lemma:    unohas
fasihtta: epämiellyttävä
   -      hankala

lemma:    vuollegaš
fasihtta: matala

lemma:    váimmolaš
fasihtta: sydämellinen

lemma:    váivi
fasihtta: ikävä
   -      vaivalloinen
   -      hankala

lemma:    vejolaš
fasihtta: mahdollinen

lemma:    árrat
fasihtta: aikaisin

lemma:    bastil
fasihtta: terävä

lemma:    báhkas
fasihtta: kuuma

lemma:    bávččas
fasihtta: kipeä
   -      kivulias

lemma:    bivval
fasihtta: leuto
   -      lauha

lemma:    ceakkus
fasihtta: jyrkkä

lemma:    coagis
fasihtta: matala

lemma:    dearvvas
fasihtta: terve
   -      terveellinen

lemma:    dearvvaš
fasihtta: terve
   -      terveellinen

lemma:    dološ
fasihtta: muinainen
   -      vanha

lemma:    duolbbas
fasihtta: litteä

lemma:    gappas
fasihtta: valkoinen

lemma:    garas
fasihtta: kova

lemma:    gearggus
fasihtta: selkeä

lemma:    guorus
fasihtta: tyhjä

lemma:    imaš
fasihtta: kummallinen
   -      ihmeellinen

lemma:    jođán
fasihtta: nopea
   -      nopsa

lemma:    mášoheapme
fasihtta: levoton

lemma:    luovus
fasihtta: irtonainen

lemma:    nanus
fasihtta: luja
   -      kestävä
   -      voimakas

lemma:    njalkkas
fasihtta: liukas

lemma:    njuolgat
fasihtta: suora

lemma:    njuoskkas
fasihtta: märkä

lemma:    rabas
fasihtta: avoin

lemma:    váibbas
fasihtta: väsynyt

lemma:    válmmas
fasihtta: selkeä

lemma:    válmmaš
fasihtta: selkeä

lemma:    váibmil
fasihtta: perso
   -      ahne

lemma:    čieŋal
fasihtta: syvä

lemma:    čoaskkis
fasihtta: kylmä

lemma:    viiddis
fasihtta: laaja

lemma:    vissis
fasihtta: varma

lemma:    ahkit
fasihtta: tylsä

lemma:    dárogielat
fasihtta: norjankielinen

lemma:    sadjásaš
fasihtta: sijainen
   -      sijais-

lemma:    sámegielat
fasihtta: saamenkielinen

lemma:    álás
fasihtta: alaston
   -      paljas

lemma:    seammalágan
fasihtta: samanlainen

lemma:    smáđáhkes
fasihtta: mukava

lemma:    arvves
fasihtta: sateinen

lemma:    balvái
fasihtta: pilvinen

lemma:    beaivválaš
fasihtta: jokapäiväinen

lemma:    boahtte
fasihtta: tuleva
   -      seuraava
   -      ensi

lemma:    dimis
fasihtta: pehmeä

lemma:    eahpesihkar
fasihtta: epävarma

lemma:    fiskeslágan
fasihtta: keltahko

lemma:    fuotni
fasihtta: huono

lemma:    gallás
fasihtta: kylläinen
   -      täynnä

lemma:    guovddáš
fasihtta: keskeinen

lemma:    gurut
fasihtta: vasen

lemma:    lagamus
fasihtta: lähin

lemma:    láittas
fasihtta: tylsä

lemma:    morašlaš
fasihtta: surullinen

lemma:    olgeš
fasihtta: oikea

lemma:    ovddemus
fasihtta: ensimmäinen

lemma:    riekta
fasihtta: oikea

lemma:    ráfálaš
fasihtta: rauhallinen

lemma:    smávis
fasihtta: pikkuinen
   -      pieni
   -      hyvin pieni

lemma:    vahátlaš
fasihtta: haitallinen

lemma:    vašálaš
fasihtta: vihamielinen

lemma:    viissis
fasihtta: viisas

lemma:    áidna
fasihtta: ainoa

lemma:    áŋgir
fasihtta: ahkera
