Dato: tor 22 des 2011 11:40:28 CET

lemma:    finakeahttá
fasihtta: käymättä

lemma:    fuolas
fasihtta: huolissaan

lemma:    goitge
fasihtta: kuitenkin

lemma:    hávil
fasihtta: kerralla
   -      yhdellä kertaa
   -      kerrallaan

lemma:    iešalddes
fasihtta: itse asiassa

lemma:    mášoheamet
fasihtta: malttamattomasti

lemma:    ovttatmanos
fasihtta: yhtäkyytiä

lemma:    čoahkis
fasihtta: kasassa
   -      yhdessä paikassa

lemma:    geahppadit
fasihtta: kevyesti

lemma:    hirbmadit
fasihtta: kovasti
   -      kovin

lemma:    logakeahttá
fasihtta: lukematta

lemma:    sierra
fasihtta: erinomainen

lemma:    áimmuin
fasihtta: tallella

lemma:    áŋgirit
fasihtta: ankarasti

lemma:    čoahkkái
fasihtta: kokoon

lemma:    baicce
fasihtta: sen sijaan
   -      sitä vastoin

lemma:    bajil
fasihtta: päällepäin

lemma:    beanta
fasihtta: suorastaan

lemma:    birrasii
fasihtta: tienoilla
   -      noin

lemma:    buohkanassii
fasihtta: kaikkiaan
   -      kokonaisuudessaan

lemma:    dainna
fasihtta: sillä

lemma:    datte
fasihtta: silti
   -      siitä huolimatta

lemma:    dearvan
fasihtta: terveenä

lemma:    dievva
fasihtta: täynnä

lemma:    diibmá
fasihtta: viime vuonna

lemma:    doarrás
fasihtta: poikittain

lemma:    doarvái
fasihtta: tarpeeksi

lemma:    dolin
fasihtta: ennenvanhaan
   -      muinoin

lemma:    duohta
fasihtta: totta
   -      tosi

lemma:    duvle
fasihtta: äskettäin
   -      taannoin

lemma:    dá
fasihtta: tässä

lemma:    dárkilit
fasihtta: tarkasti

lemma:    eambbo
fasihtta: enemmän

lemma:    eanáš
fasihtta: enimmäkseen

lemma:    ein
fasihtta: yhä

lemma:    erenoamážit
fasihtta: erityistä

lemma:    funet
fasihtta: huonosti

lemma:    fáhkkestaga
fasihtta: yhtäkkiä

lemma:    fárus
fasihtta: mukana

lemma:    garrasit
fasihtta: kovasti
   -      kovaa

lemma:    gieskat
fasihtta: hiljattain
   -      vähän aikaa sitten

lemma:    goas
fasihtta: koska
   -      milloin

lemma:    goasii
fasihtta: lähes

lemma:    gulul
fasihtta: hiljaa
   -      hitaasti

lemma:    guovttá
fasihtta: kahden
   -      kahdestaan

lemma:    hirbmat
fasihtta: hirveä
   -      hirmuinen

lemma:    hoahpus
fasihtta: nopeasti
   -      pian

lemma:    illá
fasihtta: tuskin

lemma:    jalga
fasihtta: suoraan

lemma:    johtilit
fasihtta: nopeasti

lemma:    lasi
fasihtta: lisää

lemma:    loahpalaččat
fasihtta: lopullisesti

lemma:    mahkáš
fasihtta: mukamas

lemma:    manin
fasihtta: miksi

lemma:    masá
fasihtta: melkein
   -      miltei

lemma:    maŋŋá
fasihtta: myöhemmin

lemma:    measta
fasihtta: melkein
   -      lähes

lemma:    meattá
fasihtta: ohi

lemma:    muđui
fasihtta: muuten

lemma:    njuolgga
fasihtta: suoraan

lemma:    oainnat
fasihtta: näet

lemma:    oalle
fasihtta: varsin
   -      sangen

lemma:    oktiibuot
fasihtta: yhteensä

lemma:    ollege
fasihtta: ei ollenkaan
   -      lainkaan

lemma:    ollu
fasihtta: paljon

lemma:    olus
fasihtta: juuri
   -      paljon
   -      paljonkaan

lemma:    ovdal
fasihtta: ennen

lemma:    ovddas
fasihtta: edessä
   -      edestä

lemma:    ođđasit
fasihtta: uudestaan

lemma:    ruovttoluotta
fasihtta: takaisin

lemma:    sakka
fasihtta: kovasti

lemma:    seammás
fasihtta: samalla
   -      samassa

lemma:    sihkkarit
fasihtta: varmasti

lemma:    velá
fasihtta: vielä

lemma:    viidát
fasihtta: laajalti

lemma:    visot
fasihtta: kaikki

lemma:    vissa
fasihtta: kai
   -      varmaankin

lemma:    vissásit
fasihtta: varmasti

lemma:    vuot
fasihtta: taas

lemma:    váile
fasihtta: vaille

lemma:    várrugasat
fasihtta: varovasti

lemma:    čuoččat
fasihtta: seisaalla

lemma:    čábbát
fasihtta: kauniisti

lemma:    guhká
fasihtta: kauan

lemma:    guhkás
fasihtta: kauas

lemma:    hárve
fasihtta: harvoin

lemma:    dávjá
fasihtta: usein

lemma:    liikká
fasihtta: huolimatta
   -      kuitenkin
   -      siltikin

lemma:    lulde
fasihtta: etelässä

lemma:    maŋŋit
fasihtta: myöhään

lemma:    menddo
fasihtta: liian

lemma:    máŋgii
fasihtta: monesti

lemma:    njozet
fasihtta: hitaasti

lemma:    njálmmálaččat
fasihtta: suullisesti

lemma:    nuvttá
fasihtta: ilmaiseksi

lemma:    obbalohkái
fasihtta: ollenkaan

lemma:    oidnosis
fasihtta: näkyvissä

lemma:    oktanaga
fasihtta: yhtä aikaa

lemma:    ollislaččat
fasihtta: kokonaan

lemma:    rabas
fasihtta: avoin

lemma:    sahtedohko
fasihtta: satunnainen

lemma:    suoli
fasihtta: salaisesti

lemma:    uhccán
fasihtta: vähän

lemma:    unnán
fasihtta: vähän

lemma:    vulos
fasihtta: alas

lemma:    vuollin
fasihtta: alhaalla

lemma:    vuosttažettiin
fasihtta: ensiksi

lemma:    áibbas
fasihtta: aivan
   -      ihan

lemma:    áiggil
fasihtta: ajoissa

lemma:    álggos
fasihtta: alussa
   -      aluksi
   -      ensin

lemma:    álo
fasihtta: aina

lemma:    árrat
fasihtta: ajoissa

lemma:    čálalaččat
fasihtta: kirjallisesti

lemma:    naba
fasihtta: entä
   -      entäpä

lemma:    seamma
fasihtta: sama

lemma:    gosa
fasihtta: minne

lemma:    sulaid
fasihtta: noin
   -      suunnilleen

lemma:    de
fasihtta: sitten

lemma:    makkárge
fasihtta: minkäänlainen
   -      ei minkäänlainen

lemma:    dieđusge
fasihtta: tietysti
   -      tietenkin

lemma:    deike
fasihtta: tänne

lemma:    odne
fasihtta: tänään

lemma:    danne
fasihtta: siksi

lemma:    manne
fasihtta: miksi

lemma:    dieppe
fasihtta: siellä missä sinä olet
   -      siellä

lemma:    doppe
fasihtta: siellä
   -      tuolla

lemma:    dáppe
fasihtta: täällä

lemma:    siste
fasihtta: sisäpuolella

lemma:    ovdagihtii
fasihtta: etukäteen

lemma:    hui
fasihtta: erittäin
   -      hyvin
   -      erittäin
   -      varsin
   -      oikein

lemma:    maiddái
fasihtta: myös

lemma:    vel
fasihtta: vielä

lemma:    dál
fasihtta: nyt

lemma:    olgun
fasihtta: ulkona

lemma:    dohko
fasihtta: sinne

lemma:    okto
fasihtta: yksin

lemma:    juo
fasihtta: jo

lemma:    jur
fasihtta: juuri

lemma:    ovttas
fasihtta: yhdessä

lemma:    bures
fasihtta: hyvin

lemma:    lahkosis
fasihtta: lähell'

lemma:    gos
fasihtta: missä

lemma:    ruovttus
fasihtta: kotona

lemma:    buoremusat
fasihtta: parhaiten

lemma:    geasset
fasihtta: kesällä
   -      kesäisin

lemma:    beaivet
fasihtta: päivällä
   -      päivisin

lemma:    dálvet
fasihtta: talvella

lemma:    ruoktot
fasihtta: kotiin

lemma:    nu
fasihtta: niin
   -      näin

lemma:    fargga
fasihtta: pian
   -      kohta
   -      nopeasti

lemma:    viehka
fasihtta: melko
   -      aika

lemma:    easkka
fasihtta: äsken
   -      juuri

lemma:    várra
fasihtta: ehkä

lemma:    sisa
fasihtta: sisään

lemma:    riekta
fasihtta: oikein

lemma:    justa
fasihtta: juuri

lemma:    gitta
fasihtta: kiinni

lemma:    gaskkohagaid
fasihtta: välillä

lemma:    duođaid
fasihtta: todella

lemma:    mielde
fasihtta: pitkin

lemma:    vaikko
fasihtta: vaikka

lemma:    dalle
fasihtta: silloin

lemma:    beare
fasihtta: liian
   -      vain

lemma:    ikte
fasihtta: eilen

lemma:    juste
fasihtta: juuri

lemma:    dušše
fasihtta: vain

lemma:    moddii
fasihtta: pari kertaa

lemma:    sullii
fasihtta: noin

lemma:    vuovdimassii
fasihtta: myynnissä

lemma:    oktii
fasihtta: kerran

lemma:    guktii
fasihtta: kaksi kertaa

lemma:    duohkái
fasihtta: taakse

lemma:    maŋŋel
fasihtta: jälkeen

lemma:    duohken
fasihtta: takana

lemma:    ain
fasihtta: vielä
   -      yhä

lemma:    guhkkin
fasihtta: kaukana

lemma:    muhtumin
fasihtta: joskus
   -      toisinaan
   -      silloin tällöin

lemma:    danin
fasihtta: sen takia
   -      siksi

lemma:    ihttin
fasihtta: huomenna

lemma:    dalán
fasihtta: heti

lemma:    diehko
fasihtta: sinne

lemma:    gokko
fasihtta: missä kohden
   -      missä

lemma:    mo
fasihtta: miten
   -      kuinka

lemma:    dasto
fasihtta: sen jälkeen

lemma:    gusto
fasihtta: näköjään
   -      näet

lemma:    fas
fasihtta: taas
   -      puolestaan

lemma:    eanas
fasihtta: yleensä

lemma:    áinnas
fasihtta: mielelläänıl

lemma:    loahpas
fasihtta: lopuksi

lemma:    eahkes
fasihtta: illalla

lemma:    iđđes
fasihtta: aamulla

lemma:    olggos
fasihtta: ulos

lemma:    vuos
fasihtta: vielä
   -      ensin
   -      vasta

lemma:    eanemus
fasihtta: enimmäkseen

lemma:    dás
fasihtta: täässä

lemma:    bajás
fasihtta: ylös

lemma:    gallás
fasihtta: kylliksi
   -      täyteen

lemma:    lulás
fasihtta: etelään

lemma:    davás
fasihtta: pohjoiseen

lemma:    viimmat
fasihtta: viimein
   -      vihdoin

lemma:    eatnat
fasihtta: aika paljon

lemma:    unnimusat
fasihtta: vähintään

lemma:    šat
fasihtta: enää
   -      enemmän

lemma:    čađat
fasihtta: aina

lemma:    čakčat
fasihtta: syksyllä
   -      syksyisin

lemma:    dábálaččat
fasihtta: tavallisesti

lemma:    beaivválaččat
fasihtta: päivittäin

lemma:    vahkkosaččat
fasihtta: viikkoittain

lemma:    mánnosaččat
fasihtta: kuukausittain

lemma:    giđđat
fasihtta: keväällä

lemma:    eanet
fasihtta: enemmän

lemma:    eret
fasihtta: pois

lemma:    valjit
fasihtta: runsaasti

lemma:    jođánit
fasihtta: nopeasti

lemma:    jitnosit
fasihtta: ääneen
   -      äännekkäästi

lemma:    buot
fasihtta: kaikki

lemma:    ihkku
fasihtta: yöllä
   -      öisin

lemma:    áigá
fasihtta: kauan sitten
   -      aikoja sitten

lemma:    eanemustá
fasihtta: eniten

lemma:    veaháš
fasihtta: vähän
