Dato: tor 22 des 2011 11:40:28 CET

lemma:    rahpasit
fasihtta: aueta
   -      avautua
   -      avartua

lemma:    duskidit
fasihtta: tuskailla

lemma:    dálludit
fasihtta: talostella
   -      asua

lemma:    dálostallat
fasihtta: asua
   -      pitää taloa

lemma:    gohččut
fasihtta: käskeä

lemma:    guvrragit
fasihtta: mennä kumaraan

lemma:    heahtáduddat
fasihtta: hätäillä

lemma:    háŋket
fasihtta: hankkia

lemma:    leabbut
fasihtta: levitellä

lemma:    leikestit
fasihtta: kaataa nopeasti

lemma:    lohpádallat
fasihtta: kihlautua

lemma:    njoahcudit
fasihtta: hidastaa

lemma:    njolodit
fasihtta: nuoleskella
   -      hyväillä

lemma:    oahpahallat
fasihtta: opetella

lemma:    riehčut
fasihtta: kirkua
   -      ulista

lemma:    rámohallat
fasihtta: kehuskella

lemma:    savnnjašit
fasihtta: pudistella
   -      ravistella

lemma:    besset
fasihtta: pesiä

lemma:    besset
fasihtta: kuoria tuohta
   -      kattaa tuohella
   -      kerätä tuohta
   -      kuoria

lemma:    cieládit
fasihtta: haukahtaa

lemma:    figgat
fasihtta: yrittää
   -      pyrkiä

lemma:    fáippastit
fasihtta: huitaista

lemma:    galljut
fasihtta: pyöristyä

lemma:    njáhkat
fasihtta: hiipiä

lemma:    náitit
fasihtta: naittaa

lemma:    náđđát
fasihtta: jurottaa
   -      lymytä

lemma:    siedjut
fasihtta: märkiä

lemma:    skájihit
fasihtta: kajahtaa

lemma:    stuŋgehit
fasihtta: rynnätä kimppuun

lemma:    vižardit
fasihtta: visertää

lemma:    vuolšut
fasihtta: tulehtua

lemma:    állanit
fasihtta: kallistua

lemma:    čierostuddat
fasihtta: tehdä itkua

lemma:    čohkánit
fasihtta: istuutua

lemma:    čuojihit
fasihtta: kilahtaa

lemma:    čuvodit
fasihtta: seurailla

lemma:    čuččodit
fasihtta: seisoskella

lemma:    badjánit
fasihtta: kohota

lemma:    beastit
fasihtta: pelastaa

lemma:    bigálastit
fasihtta: pitää poroerotuksia

lemma:    biđget
fasihtta: rikkoa
   -      hajottaa

lemma:    botnjat
fasihtta: vääntää

lemma:    bumpet
fasihtta: pumpata

lemma:    buorránaddat
fasihtta: hyväillä

lemma:    buođđut
fasihtta: padota

lemma:    buressivdnidit
fasihtta: siunata

lemma:    báhkket
fasihtta: pakata
   -      paketoida

lemma:    báidnit
fasihtta: värjätä

lemma:    bárgut
fasihtta: parkua
   -      huutaa

lemma:    bávkalit
fasihtta: paukauttaa

lemma:    bávkit
fasihtta: paukkua

lemma:    ceaggát
fasihtta: olla pystyssä
   -      törröttää

lemma:    dearvvahallat
fasihtta: tervehtiä toisiaan

lemma:    doamihit
fasihtta: kiirehtiä

lemma:    doarggistit
fasihtta: täristä
   -      väristä

lemma:    doaškut
fasihtta: taputtaa

lemma:    doidit
fasihtta: huuhtoa

lemma:    dollet
fasihtta: tarttua kiinni
   -      suunnata

lemma:    duhtat
fasihtta: tyytyä

lemma:    dánsestit
fasihtta: tanssahtaa

lemma:    dáŋket
fasihtta: tankata

lemma:    ealáskahttit
fasihtta: elvyttää

lemma:    fallehit
fasihtta: hyökätä

lemma:    fillet
fasihtta: juksata
   -      huijata

lemma:    fiskkodit
fasihtta: kellastua

lemma:    gaikkehit
fasihtta: nykäistä

lemma:    gaivát
fasihtta: tuijottaa

lemma:    gallestallat
fasihtta: vierailla
   -      käydä kylässä

lemma:    garvit
fasihtta: kiertää

lemma:    geasuhit
fasihtta: houkutella

lemma:    gillát
fasihtta: kärsiä

lemma:    givssidit
fasihtta: kiusata

lemma:    goargŋut
fasihtta: nousta

lemma:    goaridit
fasihtta: kurjistaa
   -      haitata

lemma:    golgadit
fasihtta: kulkuttaa

lemma:    gopmánit
fasihtta: kaatua kumoon
   -      ylösalaisin

lemma:    guovlalit
fasihtta: vilkaista
   -      kurkistaa

lemma:    guovlat
fasihtta: kurkata
   -      kurkistaa

lemma:    gáddit
fasihtta: luulla

lemma:    gádjut
fasihtta: pelastaa

lemma:    gártat
fasihtta: koitua
   -      joutua
   -      päätyä

lemma:    gáržudit
fasihtta: rajoittaa
   -      supistaa
   -      kaventaa

lemma:    gáskit
fasihtta: purra

lemma:    gáskkestit
fasihtta: puraista

lemma:    hohkahit
fasihtta: houkutella

lemma:    háhkat
fasihtta: hankkia

lemma:    hávdádit
fasihtta: haudata

lemma:    iskkadit
fasihtta: kokeilla
   -      koetella

lemma:    jaskkodit
fasihtta: hiljetä

lemma:    jearahallat
fasihtta: kysellä

lemma:    jearahit
fasihtta: kysellä

lemma:    jeđđet
fasihtta: lohduttaa

lemma:    jienádit
fasihtta: äännähtää

lemma:    jietnadit
fasihtta: äännellä
   -      ääntää
   -      äännähtää

lemma:    jávkkihit
fasihtta: kadota nopeasti
   -      kadota yllättäen
   -      livahtaa

lemma:    lahkonit
fasihtta: lähestyä

lemma:    lasihit
fasihtta: lisätä

lemma:    leahkastit
fasihtta: aukaista
   -      avata

lemma:    leavvat
fasihtta: levitä

lemma:    lebbet
fasihtta: levittää

lemma:    libardit
fasihtta: lepattaa
   -      liehua

lemma:    lihkadit
fasihtta: liikkua

lemma:    livvadit
fasihtta: maata

lemma:    loktet
fasihtta: nostaa

lemma:    lonohallat
fasihtta: vaihdella

lemma:    lonuhit
fasihtta: vaihtaa

lemma:    luddet
fasihtta: halkaista

lemma:    luoddut
fasihtta: halkoa

lemma:    luoitit
fasihtta: laskea
   -      laskeutua
   -      päästää

lemma:    láhttet
fasihtta: käyttäytyä

lemma:    lávket
fasihtta: astua

lemma:    manahit
fasihtta: menettää

lemma:    maŋŋonit
fasihtta: myöhästyä

lemma:    mearkut
fasihtta: merkitä

lemma:    miehtat
fasihtta: myöntyä

lemma:    moraštit
fasihtta: murehtia
   -      surra

lemma:    máhccat
fasihtta: palata

lemma:    nagadit
fasihtta: kyetä
   -      jaksaa

lemma:    nealgut
fasihtta: nähdä nälkää
   -      tulla nälkäiseksi

lemma:    nissut
fasihtta: niistää

lemma:    njammat
fasihtta: imeä

lemma:    njeazzát
fasihtta: irvistellä

lemma:    njiellat
fasihtta: niellä

lemma:    njoallut
fasihtta: nuolla

lemma:    njávgut
fasihtta: naukua

lemma:    nohkastit
fasihtta: nukahtaa äkkiä
   -      nukkua hetki

lemma:    nohkkot
fasihtta: jäädä kokonaan ilman jotakin

lemma:    nágget
fasihtta: inttää
   -      väittää vastaan

lemma:    oahpásmuvvat
fasihtta: tutustuminen

lemma:    oassálastit
fasihtta: osallistua

lemma:    ohcalit
fasihtta: etsiä

lemma:    plánet
fasihtta: suunnitella

lemma:    rahčat
fasihtta: raataa

lemma:    ravgat
fasihtta: kaatua

lemma:    rihpat
fasihtta: riistää

lemma:    rohkadallat
fasihtta: rukoilla

lemma:    rohttet
fasihtta: vetaista
   -      vetää

lemma:    ruoksát
fasihtta: näkyä
   -      olla punaisena
   -      punottaa

lemma:    ruovgat
fasihtta: roukua

lemma:    ruoškit
fasihtta: rytistä

lemma:    ruvssodit
fasihtta: punastua
   -      tulla punaiseksi

lemma:    ráfut
fasihtta: rauhoittua

lemma:    sallut
fasihtta: syleillä

lemma:    seailut
fasihtta: säilyä

lemma:    sealgádit
fasihtta: antaa selkään
   -      rökittää

lemma:    seavvit
fasihtta: vilkuttaa

lemma:    skeaikit
fasihtta: nauraa

lemma:    skurbat
fasihtta: kopeloida

lemma:    skállat
fasihtta: kalista
   -      kilistä

lemma:    smáhket
fasihtta: maistaa

lemma:    snelket
fasihtta: puraista

lemma:    spiehkastit
fasihtta: poiketa

lemma:    suhtadit
fasihtta: kiukutella

lemma:    suohtastallat
fasihtta: pitää hauskaa

lemma:    suoskat
fasihtta: pureskella

lemma:    ujostallat
fasihtta: ujostella

lemma:    vadjat
fasihtta: leikata

lemma:    viegahit
fasihtta: juoksuttaa

lemma:    vuoigŋat
fasihtta: hengittää

lemma:    vuojehit
fasihtta: ajaa takaa
   -      ajaa edellään

lemma:    várjalit
fasihtta: varjella

lemma:    vázzilit
fasihtta: lähteä kävelemään

lemma:    áicat
fasihtta: huomata
   -      nähdä

lemma:    árvalit
fasihtta: arvella

lemma:    ávvudit
fasihtta: viettää juhlaa
   -      juhlia

lemma:    šealgut
fasihtta: loistaa
   -      kimmeltää

lemma:    šearrát
fasihtta: loistaa
   -      paistaa kirkkaasti

lemma:    šiehttat
fasihtta: sopia
   -      mahtua

lemma:    šiggut
fasihtta: torua
   -      vaientaa
   -      häätää

lemma:    šleađgut
fasihtta: välkkyä

lemma:    šlundut
fasihtta: masentua

lemma:    čuoggut
fasihtta: pistellä

lemma:    šuohkkit
fasihtta: huokailla

lemma:    čuoččastit
fasihtta: nousta seisomaan

lemma:    šuvvat
fasihtta: kohista
   -      suhista

lemma:    čákŋalit
fasihtta: astua

lemma:    čákŋat
fasihtta: kömpiä
   -      mennä sisään

lemma:    čárvut
fasihtta: puristaa
   -      puristella

lemma:    ii
fasihtta: ei

lemma:    searvat
fasihtta: osallistua

lemma:    dohkkehit
fasihtta: hyväksyä

lemma:    rievdadit
fasihtta: muuttaa

lemma:    čađahit
fasihtta: toteuttaa
   -      saada läpi

lemma:    ruhtadit
fasihtta: rahoittaa

lemma:    nannet
fasihtta: vahvistaa

lemma:    heivehit
fasihtta: sovittaa

lemma:    guorahallat
fasihtta: tutkia

lemma:    guorahaddat
fasihtta: tutkia

lemma:    gieđahallat
fasihtta: käsitellä

lemma:    evttohit
fasihtta: ehdottaa

lemma:    dáidit
fasihtta: taitaa

lemma:    doarjut
fasihtta: tukea

lemma:    doaibmat
fasihtta: toimia

lemma:    dieđihit
fasihtta: tiedottaa

lemma:    buoridit
fasihtta: parantaa

lemma:    berret
fasihtta: pitää

lemma:    astat
fasihtta: ehtiä
   -      joutaa

lemma:    jorrat
fasihtta: hyrrätä
   -      pyöriä

lemma:    njiedjat
fasihtta: laskeutua

lemma:    sávvat
fasihtta: toivoa

lemma:    soaitit
fasihtta: saattaa
   -      voida

lemma:    bassaladdat
fasihtta: pestä

lemma:    bargat
fasihtta: työskennellä
   -      tehdä
   -      pyrkiä

lemma:    báhčit
fasihtta: ampua

lemma:    bassat
fasihtta: pestä

lemma:    čiekčat
fasihtta: potkia

lemma:    batnit
fasihtta: kehrätä

lemma:    batnit
fasihtta: kehrätä (kissasta)
   -      kehrätä

lemma:    botnit
fasihtta: kehrätä

lemma:    botnit
fasihtta: kehrätä (kissasta)
   -      kehrätä

lemma:    borrat
fasihtta: syödä

lemma:    beassat
fasihtta: päästä

lemma:    čuoigalit
fasihtta: hiihdähtää
   -      lähteä hiihtämään

lemma:    čohkohallat
fasihtta: istahdella
   -      istuskella

lemma:    bovret
fasihtta: porata

lemma:    biehttalit
fasihtta: kieltää
   -      pettää

lemma:    bieggat
fasihtta: puhaltaa (tuulesta)
   -      puhaltaa

lemma:    bidjat
fasihtta: panna
   -      laittaa

lemma:    bivvat
fasihtta: tareta

lemma:    čaibmat
fasihtta: nauraa

lemma:    duoldat
fasihtta: kiehua

lemma:    duostat
fasihtta: uskaltautua
   -      uskaltaa

lemma:    rávkat
fasihtta: herättää

lemma:    čierastallat
fasihtta: lasketella

lemma:    čuohppat
fasihtta: leikata

lemma:    čuoigat
fasihtta: hiihtää

lemma:    dadjat
fasihtta: sanoa

lemma:    dahkat
fasihtta: tehdä

lemma:    heaŋgát
fasihtta: riippua

lemma:    hervet
fasihtta: koristaa
   -      koristella

lemma:    heaitit
fasihtta: lakata

lemma:    gilvvohallat
fasihtta: kilpailla

lemma:    gilvit
fasihtta: kylvätä

lemma:    gierdat
fasihtta: kestää

lemma:    joksat
fasihtta: saavuttaa

lemma:    bearráigeahččat
fasihtta: katsoa perässä
   -      tarkistaa

lemma:    bealkit
fasihtta: haukkua

lemma:    huikit
fasihtta: huutaa

lemma:    časkit
fasihtta: lyödä
   -      iskeä

lemma:    suhkat
fasihtta: soutaa

lemma:    suhkat
fasihtta: keinua

lemma:    dápmat
fasihtta: kesyttää

lemma:    dádjut
fasihtta: värkätä

lemma:    dikšut
fasihtta: hoitaa

lemma:    deaivat
fasihtta: tavata
   -      kohdata
   -      osua
   -      sattua
   -      tapahtua sattumalta

lemma:    deavdit
fasihtta: täyttää

lemma:    dolastallat
fasihtta: tulistella
   -      pitää nuotiota

lemma:    dolastaddat
fasihtta: tulistella

lemma:    doallat
fasihtta: pitää

lemma:    doarrut
fasihtta: tapella

lemma:    dolkat
fasihtta: kyllästyä

lemma:    čalmmástuvvat
fasihtta: kyllästyä

lemma:    eattehit
fasihtta: suuttua

lemma:    duogŋat
fasihtta: paikata

lemma:    dohppestit
fasihtta: napata

lemma:    dohppet
fasihtta: ottaa kiinni

lemma:    doapmat
fasihtta: kiirehtiä

lemma:    gahččat
fasihtta: putoa
   -      pudota
   -      kaatua

lemma:    luoikat
fasihtta: lainata

lemma:    dovdat
fasihtta: tuntea

lemma:    galgat
fasihtta: täytyä
   -      pitää

lemma:    geahččat
fasihtta: katsoa
   -      katsella

lemma:    guoddit
fasihtta: synnyttää (eläimistä)
   -      vasoa
   -      vasikoida
   -      varsoa
   -      vuonia
   -      munia
   -      synnyttää

lemma:    guoddit
fasihtta: kantaa

lemma:    gullat
fasihtta: kuulla

lemma:    smiehttat
fasihtta: miettiä
   -      ajatella

lemma:    geahkat
fasihtta: vihjata

lemma:    gávdnat
fasihtta: löytää

lemma:    hárjehallat
fasihtta: harjoitella

lemma:    jávkat
fasihtta: kadota

lemma:    hupmat
fasihtta: puhua

lemma:    hállat
fasihtta: puhua

lemma:    geargat
fasihtta: keretä
   -      ehtiä
   -      saada valmiiksi

lemma:    geassit
fasihtta: vetää

lemma:    dutkat
fasihtta: tutkia

lemma:    hárjánit
fasihtta: tottua

lemma:    válddahit
fasihtta: kuvata

lemma:    imaštallat
fasihtta: ihmetellä

lemma:    jearrat
fasihtta: kysyä

lemma:    juhkat
fasihtta: juoda

lemma:    juoigat
fasihtta: joikata

lemma:    luohttit
fasihtta: luottaa

lemma:    lohkat
fasihtta: lukea
   -      laskea
   -      sanoa

lemma:    čiehkástallat
fasihtta: piileskellä

lemma:    čiehkat
fasihtta: piilottaa

lemma:    mannat
fasihtta: lähteä
   -      mennä

lemma:    nohkkat
fasihtta: nukahtaa
   -      nukkua

lemma:    coggat
fasihtta: sujauttaa
   -      panna
   -      laittaa
   -      pukea
   -      tunkea

lemma:    áitit
fasihtta: uhata

lemma:    bossut
fasihtta: puhaltaa

lemma:    ihtit
fasihtta: näkyä

lemma:    báitit
fasihtta: kiiltää

lemma:    dáhpáhuvvat
fasihtta: tapahtua

lemma:    dearvvašnuvvat
fasihtta: tervehtiä

lemma:    dearvvašmuvvat
fasihtta: tervehtiä

lemma:    diktit
fasihtta: sallia

lemma:    nuolahit
fasihtta: riisua

lemma:    nuollat
fasihtta: riisua

lemma:    ohcat
fasihtta: etsiä

lemma:    roggat
fasihtta: kaivata

lemma:    ságastallat
fasihtta: jutella

lemma:    sirdit
fasihtta: siirtää

lemma:    sihtat
fasihtta: pyytää
   -      haluta

lemma:    illudahttit
fasihtta: ilahduttaa

lemma:    iskat
fasihtta: koettaa
   -      tutkia

lemma:    čuohkat
fasihtta: nuolla

lemma:    ijastallat
fasihtta: yöpyä

lemma:    haksit
fasihtta: haista

lemma:    speallat
fasihtta: soittaa

lemma:    suddat
fasihtta: sulattaa

lemma:    suohpput
fasihtta: heitellä

lemma:    stuorrut
fasihtta: kasvaa
   -      suureta

lemma:    cealkit
fasihtta: lausua

lemma:    stoahkat
fasihtta: leikkiä

lemma:    vajáldahttit
fasihtta: unohtaa

lemma:    vajálduhttit
fasihtta: unohtaa

lemma:    šlahttit
fasihtta: sataa räntää

lemma:    šaddat
fasihtta: kasvaa

lemma:    šaddat
fasihtta: tulla
   -      joutua

lemma:    viehkat
fasihtta: juosta

lemma:    viežžat
fasihtta: hakea

lemma:    vuodjat
fasihtta: uida

lemma:    vuoidat
fasihtta: voidella

lemma:    nohkat
fasihtta: kulua
   -      loppua

lemma:    vuoitit
fasihtta: voittaa

lemma:    váibat
fasihtta: väsyä

lemma:    arvit
fasihtta: sataa

lemma:    addit
fasihtta: antaa

lemma:    atnit
fasihtta: käyttää

lemma:    atnit
fasihtta: pitää
   -      olla mieltä

lemma:    bordit
fasihtta: kasata

lemma:    álgit
fasihtta: alkaa

lemma:    bassit
fasihtta: paistaa

lemma:    boahtit
fasihtta: tulla

lemma:    giksat
fasihtta: kypsyä

lemma:    doalvut
fasihtta: tuoda

lemma:    njoarrat
fasihtta: kaataa

lemma:    njuoskat
fasihtta: kastua

lemma:    ássat
fasihtta: asua

lemma:    mearkkašit
fasihtta: tarkoittaa

lemma:    buktit
fasihtta: tuoda

lemma:    čoaskut
fasihtta: kylmetä

lemma:    čoaggit
fasihtta: kerätä
   -      poimia

lemma:    dievvat
fasihtta: täyttyä

lemma:    čállit
fasihtta: kirjoittaa

lemma:    diehtit
fasihtta: tietää

lemma:    eallit
fasihtta: elää

lemma:    gossat
fasihtta: yskiä

lemma:    gohcit
fasihtta: valvoa

lemma:    goikat
fasihtta: kuivua
   -      kuivata

lemma:    goddit
fasihtta: tappaa

lemma:    goallut
fasihtta: palella

lemma:    fállat
fasihtta: tarjota

lemma:    gaikut
fasihtta: kiskoa
   -      repiä

lemma:    gárrat
fasihtta: sitoa

lemma:    goardit
fasihtta: paistaa

lemma:    golgat
fasihtta: valua
   -      vuotaa
   -      virrata
   -      kulkea

lemma:    gollat
fasihtta: kulua

lemma:    fitnat
fasihtta: käydä

lemma:    billahuvvat
fasihtta: pilaantua

lemma:    billašuvvat
fasihtta: pilaantua

lemma:    girkostallat
fasihtta: käydä jumalanpalveluksessa
   -      käydä kirkossa

lemma:    gurput
fasihtta: kantaa

lemma:    hárdit
fasihtta: kiusata

lemma:    hoigat
fasihtta: työntää

lemma:    bivastuvvat
fasihtta: hikoilla

lemma:    láittastuvvat
fasihtta: tylsistyä

lemma:    lihkkat
fasihtta: herätä

lemma:    girdit
fasihtta: lentää

lemma:    joatkit
fasihtta: jatkaa

lemma:    juohkit
fasihtta: jakaa

lemma:    jáhkkit
fasihtta: uskoa

lemma:    leaikut
fasihtta: kaataa

lemma:    láhppit
fasihtta: menettää

lemma:    johtit
fasihtta: matkustaa
   -      lähteä

lemma:    jápmit
fasihtta: kuolla

lemma:    muitit
fasihtta: muistaa

lemma:    biškut
fasihtta: kirkua

lemma:    bivdit
fasihtta: pyytää

lemma:    doadjit
fasihtta: katkea

lemma:    doahput
fasihtta: tarttua
   -      ottaa kiinni

lemma:    máhttit
fasihtta: osata

lemma:    máksit
fasihtta: maksaa

lemma:    bissut
fasihtta: jäädä

lemma:    čuvggodit
fasihtta: valjeta

lemma:    čuorvut
fasihtta: huutaa
   -      huuhdella

lemma:    bistit
fasihtta: kestää

lemma:    bohčit
fasihtta: lypsää

lemma:    rehkenastit
fasihtta: laskea

lemma:    leaikkastallat
fasihtta: pilailla

lemma:    stunžet
fasihtta: sotkea
   -      läiskyttää

lemma:    márfut
fasihtta: tehdä makkaraa

lemma:    njuovvat
fasihtta: teurastaa
   -      nylkeä

lemma:    gulahallat
fasihtta: keskustella

lemma:    gođđit
fasihtta: kutoa

lemma:    gokčat
fasihtta: peittää
   -      sulkea

lemma:    bahčit
fasihtta: lypsää

lemma:    boatkuluvvat
fasihtta: kipeytyä

lemma:    muohttit
fasihtta: sataa lunta

lemma:    boaldit
fasihtta: polttaa

lemma:    báhcit
fasihtta: jäädä

lemma:    čájáhallat
fasihtta: näyttää
   -      näytellä

lemma:    gođđat
fasihtta: kutoa

lemma:    ollit
fasihtta: ehtiä

lemma:    buollit
fasihtta: palaa

lemma:    sihkkut
fasihtta: pyyhkiä

lemma:    buorástahttit
fasihtta: tervehtiä

lemma:    ciellat
fasihtta: haukkua

lemma:    čatnat
fasihtta: sitoa

lemma:    čáhkat
fasihtta: mahtua

lemma:    coakcut
fasihtta: pitää
   -      olla lipsumatta

lemma:    caggat
fasihtta: estää
   -      kiristää

lemma:    joavdat
fasihtta: päästä perille
   -      ehättää
   -      saapua

lemma:    runiidit
fasihtta: vihrentyä

lemma:    riessut
fasihtta: hapsuttaa

lemma:    riessat
fasihtta: hapsuttaa

lemma:    sevnnjodit
fasihtta: pimetä

lemma:    oaidnalit
fasihtta: tavata

lemma:    oaidnit
fasihtta: nähdä

lemma:    oastit
fasihtta: ostaa

lemma:    oahppat
fasihtta: oppia

lemma:    oađđit
fasihtta: nukkua

lemma:    sáhttit
fasihtta: voida
   -      saattaa

lemma:    sihkkelastit
fasihtta: pyöräillä

lemma:    bieguhit
fasihtta: kiusata

lemma:    molssodit
fasihtta: vaihtaa

lemma:    vuodjit
fasihtta: ajaa

lemma:    vuolgit
fasihtta: lähteä
   -      mennä

lemma:    vuoššat
fasihtta: keittää

lemma:    njuvdit
fasihtta: voidella

lemma:    rádjat
fasihtta: varastoida
   -      korjata pois

lemma:    njávgit
fasihtta: naukua

lemma:    ballat
fasihtta: pelätä

lemma:    falástallat
fasihtta: urheilla

lemma:    faláštallat
fasihtta: urheilla

lemma:    valástallat
fasihtta: urheilla

lemma:    valáštallat
fasihtta: urheilla

lemma:    vizardit
fasihtta: visertää

lemma:    vuordit
fasihtta: odottaa

lemma:    vuovdit
fasihtta: myydä

lemma:    váldit
fasihtta: ottaa

lemma:    vázzit
fasihtta: kävellä
   -      käydä

lemma:    veadjit
fasihtta: jaksaa
   -      voida

lemma:    máhccut
fasihtta: taitella

lemma:    áigut
fasihtta: aikoa

lemma:    čierrut
fasihtta: itkeä

lemma:    čieskat
fasihtta: särkeä ydinluita

lemma:    doaivut
fasihtta: toivoa

lemma:    doaivut
fasihtta: toivoa

lemma:    čuovvut
fasihtta: seurata

lemma:    čuožžut
fasihtta: seistä
   -      seisoa

lemma:    dáhttut
fasihtta: tahtoa

lemma:    ruohttat
fasihtta: juosta

lemma:    huškut
fasihtta: lyödä
   -      iskeä

lemma:    mojohallat
fasihtta: hymyillä

lemma:    suhttat
fasihtta: suuttua

lemma:    dánsut
fasihtta: tanssia

lemma:    divvut
fasihtta: korjata

lemma:    goarrut
fasihtta: ommella

lemma:    láibut
fasihtta: leipoa

lemma:    lávlut
fasihtta: laulaa

lemma:    seastit
fasihtta: säästää

lemma:    oaggut
fasihtta: onkia

lemma:    oažžut
fasihtta: saada

lemma:    rahpat
fasihtta: avata

lemma:    orrut
fasihtta: asua
   -      olla
   -      vaikuttaa

lemma:    sárdnidit
fasihtta: saarnata

lemma:    sárdnut
fasihtta: puhua

lemma:    sárgut
fasihtta: piirtää

lemma:    barggahit
fasihtta: teettää

lemma:    billistit
fasihtta: pilata

lemma:    álggahit
fasihtta: aloittaa

lemma:    árvidit
fasihtta: arvata
   -      ymmärtää

lemma:    čuojahit
fasihtta: soittaa
   -      soita

lemma:    basadit
fasihtta: peseytyä

lemma:    rasttildit
fasihtta: ylittää

lemma:    bilidit
fasihtta: pilata

lemma:    boradit
fasihtta: aterioida
   -      syödä

lemma:    borgguhit
fasihtta: polttaa

lemma:    čierastit
fasihtta: laskea

lemma:    almmuhit
fasihtta: ilmoittaa

lemma:    buorránit
fasihtta: parantua

lemma:    bisánit
fasihtta: pysähtyä

lemma:    loahpahit
fasihtta: lopeta

lemma:    váccašit
fasihtta: kävellä

lemma:    johtalit
fasihtta: kulkea

lemma:    luoikkahit
fasihtta: lainata

lemma:    ferdnet
fasihtta: jauhoa

lemma:    jođašit
fasihtta: kuljeskella

lemma:    sojahit
fasihtta: taivuttaa

lemma:    njurggodit
fasihtta: viheltää

lemma:    oaivvildit
fasihtta: tarkoittaa
   -      meinata

lemma:    beroštit
fasihtta: välittää

lemma:    bálkestit
fasihtta: heittää
   -      viskata

lemma:    heavahit
fasihtta: kaataa

lemma:    juoiggastit
fasihtta: joiata hieman

lemma:    heavvanit
fasihtta: hukkua

lemma:    humadit
fasihtta: jutella

lemma:    deaivvadit
fasihtta: tavata

lemma:    gálašit
fasihtta: kahlailla

lemma:    vuosehit
fasihtta: näyttää

lemma:    čájehit
fasihtta: näyttää

lemma:    nuoladit
fasihtta: riisua

lemma:    noavkkuhit
fasihtta: imuroida

lemma:    duolddahit
fasihtta: keittää
   -      kiehuttaa

lemma:    dearvvahit
fasihtta: tervehtiä

lemma:    njoarostit
fasihtta: heittää suopunkia

lemma:    gohčodit
fasihtta: kutsua
   -      nimittää

lemma:    dárbbahit
fasihtta: tarvita

lemma:    dárbbašit
fasihtta: tarvita

lemma:    orustit
fasihtta: pysyhtyä

lemma:    cuovkanit
fasihtta: murskaantua

lemma:    stuoridit
fasihtta: suurentaa

lemma:    lávlestit
fasihtta: laulaa hieman

lemma:    idjadit
fasihtta: yöpyä

lemma:    čujuhit
fasihtta: osoittaa

lemma:    divuhit
fasihtta: korjauttaa

lemma:    gielistit
fasihtta: valehdella

lemma:    borahit
fasihtta: syöttää

lemma:    gallánit
fasihtta: täyttyä

lemma:    galledit
fasihtta: vierailla

lemma:    girdilit
fasihtta: lähteä lentoon

lemma:    joradit
fasihtta: pyöriskellä

lemma:    vuojašit
fasihtta: ajella

lemma:    logadit
fasihtta: lukea
   -      lueskella

lemma:    lohpidit
fasihtta: luvata

lemma:    ruohtastit
fasihtta: juosta

lemma:    ráigánit
fasihtta: reikiintyä

lemma:    ribahit
fasihtta: päästää

lemma:    liegganit
fasihtta: lämmetä

lemma:    geasástit
fasihtta: valjastaa

lemma:    geardduhit
fasihtta: kerrata

lemma:    geallat
fasihtta: kiillottaa

lemma:    geahččalit
fasihtta: kokeilla

lemma:    jorggihit
fasihtta: kääntyä

lemma:    geavahit
fasihtta: käyttää

lemma:    guorranit
fasihtta: tyhjentyä

lemma:    guldalit
fasihtta: kuunnella

lemma:    dulvadit
fasihtta: padota

lemma:    gáibidit
fasihtta: vaatia

lemma:    gásttašit
fasihtta: kastaa

lemma:    čohkkedit
fasihtta: istahtaa

lemma:    gárvodit
fasihtta: pukeutua

lemma:    geahčastit
fasihtta: katsella

lemma:    geahčadit
fasihtta: katsella

lemma:    attestit
fasihtta: antaa vähän

lemma:    gávppašit
fasihtta: käydä kauppaa
   -      käydä ostoksilla
   -      käydä kaupassa
   -      ostella
   -      käydä kauppaa

lemma:    gávppahit
fasihtta: kaupitella

lemma:    čuorpmastit
fasihtta: sataa rakeita

lemma:    čuoiggadit
fasihtta: hiihdellä
   -      hiihtää

lemma:    čuoiggahit
fasihtta: hiihdättää

lemma:    háleštit
fasihtta: jutella
   -      puhua

lemma:    háliidit
fasihtta: haluta

lemma:    illudit
fasihtta: ilahtua

lemma:    jearralit
fasihtta: kysellä

lemma:    rávvestit
fasihtta: neuvoa hieman

lemma:    darvánit
fasihtta: jäädä kiinni

lemma:    suoládit
fasihtta: varastaa

lemma:    jáddadit
fasihtta: sammuttaa

lemma:    huraidit
fasihtta: hyräillä

lemma:    hoavrristit
fasihtta: maasata
   -      jankuta

lemma:    hástalit
fasihtta: haastaa

lemma:    bivaldit
fasihtta: lämmetä

lemma:    čuožžilit
fasihtta: nousta

lemma:    čoagganit
fasihtta: kokoontua

lemma:    lágidit
fasihtta: järjestää

lemma:    lahkanit
fasihtta: lähestyä

lemma:    jurddašit
fasihtta: ajatella

lemma:    jurddahit
fasihtta: ajatella

lemma:    boagustit
fasihtta: nauraa

lemma:    ipmirdit
fasihtta: ymmärtää

lemma:    njávkkadit
fasihtta: silittää
   -      silitellä

lemma:    firrestit
fasihtta: hämmentää hieman

lemma:    guovllastit
fasihtta: katsella

lemma:    jorgalit
fasihtta: kääntää

lemma:    jorgalit
fasihtta: kääntää

lemma:    leat
fasihtta: olla

lemma:    mearridit
fasihtta: määrätä
   -      päättää

lemma:    muitalit
fasihtta: kertoa

lemma:    nagodit
fasihtta: selvitä

lemma:    garahit
fasihtta: kuoria

lemma:    garvilit
fasihtta: välttää

lemma:    čiŋkut
fasihtta: konkata
   -      kinkata

lemma:    verrošit
fasihtta: fuskata
   -      keljuilla

lemma:    báhtarit
fasihtta: paeta

lemma:    čiŋahit
fasihtta: koristella

lemma:    váillahit
fasihtta: kaivata

lemma:    galmmihit
fasihtta: kylmettää
   -      pakastaa

lemma:    málestit
fasihtta: tehdä ruokaa

lemma:    namahit
fasihtta: nimittää

lemma:    bávččastit
fasihtta: sattua

lemma:    bávččagit
fasihtta: sattua

lemma:    mátkkoštit
fasihtta: matkustaa

lemma:    niegadit
fasihtta: uneksia
   -      nähdä unta

lemma:    náitalit
fasihtta: naida
   -      mennä naimisiin

lemma:    njuovadit
fasihtta: teurastaa

lemma:    ealihit
fasihtta: elättää

lemma:    doaimmahit
fasihtta: toimittaa

lemma:    oahpahit
fasihtta: opettaa

lemma:    riegádit
fasihtta: syntyä

lemma:    savdnjilit
fasihtta: ravistaa

lemma:    ráhkkanit
fasihtta: valmentaa

lemma:    ráhkadit
fasihtta: valmistaa
   -      tehdä
   -      rakentaa

lemma:    ráhkistit
fasihtta: rakastaa

lemma:    sámástit
fasihtta: puhua saamea

lemma:    veahkehit
fasihtta: auttaa

lemma:    vuoiŋŋastit
fasihtta: levätä

lemma:    njorrestit
fasihtta: kaataa

lemma:    váruhit
fasihtta: varoa

lemma:    vástidit
fasihtta: vastata

lemma:    čohkkát
fasihtta: istua

lemma:    ivdnet
fasihtta: värittää

lemma:    dustet
fasihtta: ottaa vastaan

lemma:    birget
fasihtta: pärjätä
   -      tulla toimeen

lemma:    dohkket
fasihtta: kelvata

lemma:    rigeret
fasihtta: meluta

lemma:    galbmot
fasihtta: paleltua
   -      kylmetä

lemma:    ollet
fasihtta: ehtiä

lemma:    lonet
fasihtta: lainata

lemma:    moddját
fasihtta: hymyillä

lemma:    morihit
fasihtta: havahtua
   -      herätä

lemma:    lubmet
fasihtta: poimia lakkaa
   -      poimia hillaa

lemma:    ligget
fasihtta: lämmittää

lemma:    veallát
fasihtta: maata

lemma:    čilget
fasihtta: selittää

lemma:    bállet
fasihtta: saada rauha

lemma:    čorget
fasihtta: siivota

lemma:    dinet
fasihtta: ansaita

lemma:    gullot
fasihtta: kuulua

lemma:    govvet
fasihtta: valokuvata
   -      ottaa kuvia

lemma:    oidnot
fasihtta: näkyä

lemma:    gávdnot
fasihtta: löytyä

lemma:    dekoreret
fasihtta: koristella

lemma:    dánset
fasihtta: tanssia

lemma:    heivet
fasihtta: sopia

lemma:    heŋget
fasihtta: riippua

lemma:    fárret
fasihtta: muuttaa

lemma:    sorját
fasihtta: riippua

lemma:    čollet
fasihtta: suolistaa

lemma:    murret
fasihtta: hankkia polttopuita

lemma:    firtet
fasihtta: seljetä

lemma:    fertet
fasihtta: täytyä
   -      olla pakko

lemma:    fidnet
fasihtta: saada

lemma:    fuobmát
fasihtta: huomata

lemma:    čurvet
fasihtta: huutaa
   -      huudahtaa

lemma:    sorjalit
fasihtta: laittaa riippumaan

lemma:    sugadit
fasihtta: soutaa

lemma:    velledit
fasihtta: mennä nukkumaan

lemma:    giddet
fasihtta: sulkea

lemma:    gillet
fasihtta: jaksaa
   -      viitsiä

lemma:    viššat
fasihtta: viitsiä
   -      jaksaa

lemma:    viššat
fasihtta: uskaltaa

lemma:    viššat
fasihtta: haukkua

lemma:    hukset
fasihtta: rakentaa

lemma:    leiket
fasihtta: kaataa

lemma:    lávet
fasihtta: olla tapana
   -      ruukata

lemma:    liekkadit
fasihtta: lämmittää

lemma:    riidalit
fasihtta: riidellä

lemma:    málet
fasihtta: maalata

lemma:    geiget
fasihtta: ojentaa

lemma:    njorret
fasihtta: kaataa

lemma:    njuikut
fasihtta: hyppiä

lemma:    njuiket
fasihtta: hypätä

lemma:    riidet
fasihtta: ratsastaa

lemma:    riŋget
fasihtta: soittaa

lemma:    rávvet
fasihtta: neuvoa

lemma:    sáltet
fasihtta: suolata

lemma:    sáddet
fasihtta: lähettää

lemma:    áddet
fasihtta: ymmärtää

lemma:    tevdnet
fasihtta: piirtää

lemma:    válljet
fasihtta: valita

lemma:    diŋgot
fasihtta: tilata

lemma:    duddjot
fasihtta: ommella
   -      tehdä käsitöitä

lemma:    bovdet
fasihtta: kutsua
   -      pyytää

lemma:    dulkot
fasihtta: tulkata
   -      kääntää

lemma:    liktet
fasihtta: silittää vaateita
   -      silottaa

lemma:    liikot
fasihtta: tykätä
   -      pitää

lemma:    láhppot
fasihtta: eksyä

lemma:    skeŋket
fasihtta: antaa

lemma:    čugget
fasihtta: pistää

lemma:    murjet
fasihtta: poimia marjoja

lemma:    johttát
fasihtta: lähteä liikkeelle

lemma:    buohcat
fasihtta: sairastaa

lemma:    bártidit
fasihtta: olla epäonnekas

lemma:    dolastit
fasihtta: polttaa nuotiota
   -      sytyttää nuotio

lemma:    earránit
fasihtta: erota

lemma:    giitit
fasihtta: kiittää

lemma:    gilvalit
fasihtta: kilpailla

lemma:    goikadit
fasihtta: kuivattaa
   -      paistaa

lemma:    guođđit
fasihtta: jättää

lemma:    gánnáhit
fasihtta: kannattaa

lemma:    hilbošit
fasihtta: olla kuriton
   -      olla villi

lemma:    huikkádit
fasihtta: huudahtaa

lemma:    luistet
fasihtta: luistella

lemma:    láigohit
fasihtta: vuokrata

lemma:    lávgut
fasihtta: kylvettää

lemma:    vuoddját
fasihtta: lähteä ajamaan

lemma:    ádjánit
fasihtta: juuttua
   -      viipyä
   -      käyttää aikaa

lemma:    čiŋadit
fasihtta: koristautua
   -      kaunistautua

lemma:    čuodjat
fasihtta: soida

lemma:    biggohit
fasihtta: tuulettaa

lemma:    boatkkuhit
fasihtta: hiekottaa

lemma:    borgat
fasihtta: pyryttää

lemma:    cahkkehallat
fasihtta: sytytellää

lemma:    cahkkehit
fasihtta: sytyttää

lemma:    cegget
fasihtta: pystyttää

lemma:    cábadit
fasihtta: silputa
   -      leikata pieniksi paloiksi

lemma:    deaddit
fasihtta: painaa

lemma:    dihttot
fasihtta: ilmetä
   -      näyttäytyä

lemma:    diđoštit
fasihtta: tiedustaa

lemma:    doapmalit
fasihtta: kiirehtiä

lemma:    goaivut
fasihtta: kaivaa

lemma:    golket
fasihtta: tyyntyä

lemma:    guođohit
fasihtta: paimentaa

lemma:    gurret
fasihtta: tyhjentää

lemma:    gáfestallat
fasihtta: pitää kahvitaukoa
   -      juoda kahvia

lemma:    gáhkket
fasihtta: leipoa kakkua

lemma:    haksot
fasihtta: haista

lemma:    himihit
fasihtta: rykäistä
   -      rykiä

lemma:    loaktit
fasihtta: viihtyä

lemma:    lávggodit
fasihtta: kylvetellä
   -      kylpeä

lemma:    messostallat
fasihtta: juhlia

lemma:    molsut
fasihtta: vaihtaa

lemma:    máistit
fasihtta: maistaa

lemma:    nahkehit
fasihtta: laittaa

lemma:    namuhit
fasihtta: nimittää

lemma:    niesttehuvvat
fasihtta: jäädää ilman ruokaa

lemma:    njoammut
fasihtta: tartuttaa

lemma:    njoammut
fasihtta: ryömiä

lemma:    návddašit
fasihtta: nauttia

lemma:    oalgguhit
fasihtta: motivoida

lemma:    ordnet
fasihtta: laatia

lemma:    páhkket
fasihtta: pakata

lemma:    rasttidit
fasihtta: ylittää

lemma:    ránodit
fasihtta: koittaa

lemma:    sihkestit
fasihtta: pyyhkäistä

lemma:    suovastit
fasihtta: savuttaa
   -      savustaa
   -      polttaa

lemma:    viehkalit
fasihtta: lähteä juoksemaan
   -      juoksaista
   -      juosta

lemma:    viežžalit
fasihtta: hakea nopeasti

lemma:    vuorddašit
fasihtta: odotella

lemma:    vuorddestit
fasihtta: odottaa vähän
   -      odottaa

lemma:    váibadit
fasihtta: väsyttää

lemma:    váilut
fasihtta: puuttua

lemma:    vázzát
fasihtta: ryhtyä kävelemään

lemma:    árvvoštallat
fasihtta: arivoida
   -      arvostella

lemma:    čiehkádit
fasihtta: piiloutua
   -      kätkeytyä

lemma:    čorgestallat
fasihtta: siivota
   -      järjestää
   -      järjestellä

lemma:    čuollat
fasihtta: iskeä
   -      hakata
