beagkas	beagkoes vindfull
beavlas	beavloes bar
båadtsah	båadtsoeh naken
båajhtah	båajhtoeh gal
daajras	daajroes som kjent
dearkas	dearkoes nervøs
ealjah	ealjoeh giddesløs
faatas	faatoes i veien
faavras	faavroes vakker
gaavnas	gaavnoes eksisterende
gåangkah	gåangkoeh kroket
gåaras	gåaroes tom
gåffah	gåffoeh dum
gårrah	gårroeh venstre
gæbjah	gæbjoeh syk
gællah	gælloeh liggende
harhtsah	harhtsoeh hardhendt
hearskas	hearskoes velsmakende
jarhpah	jarhpoeh vilter
jearsas	jearsoes trygg
jåasah	jåasoeh dum
låabpah	låabpoeh spredt
nænnas	nænnoes solid
pleasah	pleasoeh svaksynt
radtjas	radtjoes effektiv
ræjhkas	ræjhkoes rik
seadtas	seadtoes fredelig
sæjlas	sæjloes sliten
tjeakas	tjeakoes hemmelig
våaras	våaroes var
åajvah	åajvoeh utmerket
måskas	måskoes lukket
tråmhpah	tråmhpoeh butt
båavjah	båavjoeh lysegrå
