!!!Meeting rus_oahpa 3.12. 2015
(written up post-hoc)

Present: Fran, Robert, Laura, Tore, Lene

!!Agenda

* Plans for future work
* Next meeting

!!Plans for future work

* Rob is taking the lead of rusoahpa development
* (short!) weekly meetings (on ##clear and collabedit.com ?) for progress reports and other coordination
* Monthly reports in CLEAR (last CLEAR mtg of each month?)

* rusoahpa should be moved over to new server to work with innlogging

!!Assignments

* Rob
** list of upcoming tasks
** set up future meetings

* Laura
** talk to the discussed "boots-on-the-ground" candidate
** look into possibilities of funding from utdanningsfondet

!!Next meeting

To be determined

