
!!!Meeting notes, Pedagogical programs, 080902


!!!Participants

Biret Ánne, Ciprian, Lene, Saara, Trond.


!!!Task list from last time

!!Biret Ánne
* Clean up more mess in question-files
* Work on dialogues (have not started yet)
* Look through the sme propernouns.xml file and prune marginal place names
* Have a look at the wordorder - and suggest for Saara how to do
* present a more concrete model for Morfa user feedback (with Lene, Trond)


!!Ciprian
* Testing the games (still waiting to start the Saami course) :-)
* Have a look at the ped lexica and compare with the general ones
* Nothing developmental yet

!!Lene
* Look at the lexicon conversion: manually add the homonyms from the {{dehálasdubl.txt}} file. - not done because I have waited new version from Saara
* Remove some entries (expressions), add more synonyms. - same as above
* Have a look at the wordorder - and suggest for Saara how to do - done
* Look through the sme propernouns.xml file and prune marginal place names - done
* present a more concrete model for Morfa user feedback (with Biret Ánne, Trond) - done

!!Saara
* Run interface generation
** done
* Look at the missing feedback in 
** missing? Implemented first, test version of the feedback.
* Convert nobsme again (fix å)
** done
* Fix bugs in vasta (Bug 714)
** Started fixing
* Away next week
* Other
** Added Numerals and a version of questions_numerals.xml to the interface.

!!Trond
* Play
** Done. We should identify what games are mature enough for bugreports
* Translate interface
** Gone through and
* Look at the lexicon conversion: manually add the homonyms from the {{dehálasdubl.txt}} file.
** Not done
* Discuss yr.no with Sjur and Børre, get name pairs
** Passed issue on to Thomas
* present a more concrete model for Morfa user feedback (with Biret Ánne, Lene)
** Lots of discussion here

!!!Status quo

Here we quickly go through things. Are we waiting for each other at some point?


!!Technical things.

* The Norwegian lexicon is recompiled and in svn.
* The numerals are added to the interface, also Num Attr
* Added feedback to the interface, a preliminary feedback window 
  (gives some info for i- and u-stems).
* Started reorganising Vasta, the contextual game, this is still 
  under way. There are several features not taken into account in Vasta, 
  the situation is complex, there are several small things to be  

!!Linguistics

* We have discussed word order and made a document {{vastawordorder.txt}}
  to formalise the restrictions we want.



!!!The games
!!Common technical issues

!Interface
Our interface does not look good in Windows. What should we do with the design?

Kjellaug Isaksen is scheduled to design work, and now she is ready to begin working with it. We should have a meeting with her. Lene makes contact with her for a common meeting - when Saara is here.

!!Numra
The clock is still out in the blue. Let us wait with it.

!!Morfa

!Nouns
There was a mix of cases in the contextual morfa, it will be fixed.

The nouns manage to have case exercises without tags (only the stray N-ILL tag,which is not needed, and can be removed or replaced with ''illative'')

!Verbs
Now, the setup for bare verbs in Morfa is:

{{{
heavahit V+Ind+Prs+Sg3
__________
dárbbašit V+Ind+Prs+Du2
__________
nohkat V+Ind+Prs+Pl2
__________
hupmat V+Ind+Prs+Pl1
__________
}}}

Instead, let us strive at the minimalistic approach we know from the nouns and do the following:

{{{
Practice present
son __________ (heavahit)
doai __________ (dárbbašit)
sii __________ (nohkat)
mii __________ (hupmat)
}}}



!Adjectives
* disappeared from the deep blue menu

!Numerals 
* for the bare, we should give the option: 1-20/Sg.
* we should restrict the numerals in the contextual game, eg. 1-12. (zero does not function as a numeral in that sense in the language, and should be left out) 

Also numerals have tags now.

Do we need a translation for the numerals? Yes -- to arabic, and we already have it: logi -> 10

!Feedback

The windows are implemented, for -i and -u stems, and give info on stem type (bisyllabic). Forthcoming: The rest of the info

Improvement: Now the window must be closed via the close the button window. Better: It should disappear when you click the main window.

Improvement: Get the paradigm of the word in question - according to the dialect-option. We parametrise the dialects in the lexc source code, resulting in isme-kj.fst, isme-gg.fst, isme-gs.fst, etc. for different dialects. For now, there is the isme-restr.fst.

The feedback format may be the same for the other POS also. They may also be written directly into the xml format of {{sme/xml/feedback_nouns.xml}}.

!!Vasta

Work underway, as always.

!Sets
Vasta should not accept only words from the sets, but rather all words. This is the difference between Morfa and Vasta: We take away the sets in the answer, so that the answering person may pick any word.

!Wordorder

Saara will fix other things first, and next week look at the word order document and implement some version of it. We will then test it out.


!!Sahka

The next step here is for Biret Ánne (Lene) to write more templates. There will be several weeks before Saara con look into Sahka again.

!!Leksa
!Words
Now, there are only nouns there (there are only nouns converted with translations). Saara will run a new translation today, so that we may get the other POSes as well.

!Names
Split names? 
Lene can mark them into easy and difficult ones.
xml format comparable to the books format for the other lexica. default / "difficult" + geografical

!!Testing

* Testing-ready: bare Morfa, Numra
* Not ready for testing yet: Leksa, Vasta, Sahka
* Selection of books, stems, cases, should work.

!!!Other issues

!!Promotion (Lule Sámi conference)

The target group is parents.

!!Promotion (University of Oulu) 08.09.08
Biret Ánne will present OAHPA/VISL, and should tell Saara when the interface
should be up and running.

it would also be nice to have a look at the Finnish interface before Oulu. 


!!!Forward

Keep up the good work.


!!!Next meeting

Tuesday, 9.9. at 10.00.


!!!Task list 

Edit your task lists as we go:

!!Biret Ánne
* Clean up more mess in question-files
* Work on dialogues
* Look through the sme propernouns.xml file and prune marginal place names
* Have a look at the wordorder - and suggest for Saara how to do
* present a more concrete model for Morfa user feedback (with Lene, Trond)


!!Ciprian
* Testing the games :-)
* Have a look at the ped lexica and compare with the general ones
* Nothing developmental yet

!!Lene
* Look at the lexicon conversion: manually add the homonyms from the {{dehálasdubl.txt}} file.
* Remove some entries (expressions), add more synonyms.
* Make Morfa user feedback for verbs, adjectives and numerals (with Biret Ánne, Trond)

!!Saara
* Move adjectives and verbs to Leksa interface
* New format for verb input in Morfa
* Restrict numerals: 1-20 option for bare morfa, 1-12 for contextual morfa 
* Fix bugs in Vasta (Bug 714)
* Look at Vasta word order
* Add paradigms to feedback
* Translate the interface to Finnish

!!Trond

