altese	Pron	deres
altese	Pron	hans
dah	Pron	de
dam	Pron	ham
dan	Pron	hans
datne	Pron	deg
datnem	Pron	din
datnesne	Pron	i deg
datneste	Pron	fra deg
datnine	Pron	med deg
dej	Pron	deres
dejgujmie	Pron	med dem
dejnie	Pron	i dem
dejnie	Pron	med ham
dejstie	Pron	fra dem
dejtie	Pron	dem
dejtie	Pron	til dem
desnie	Pron	i ham
destie	Pron	fra ham
dih	Pron	dere
dijjem	Pron	dere
dijjen	Pron	deres
dijjese	Pron	til dere
dijjesne	Pron	i dere
dijjeste	Pron	fra dere
dijjieh	Pron	dere
dijjine	Pron	med dere
din	Pron	dere to
dotnem	Pron	dere to
dotnen	Pron	deres to
dotnese	Pron	til dere to
dotnesne	Pron	i dere to
dotneste	Pron	fra dere to
dotnine	Pron	med dere to
dov	Pron	deg
dutnjien	Pron	til deg
dån	Pron	dån
dåtnoeh	Pron	dere to
dïhte	Pron	han
dïsse	Pron	til ham
manne	Pron	jeg
mannem	Pron	meg
mannesne	Pron	i meg
manneste	Pron	fra meg
mannine	Pron	med meg
mih	Pron	vi
mijjem	Pron	oss
mijjen	Pron	vår
mijjese	Pron	til oss
mijjesne	Pron	i oss
mijjeste	Pron	fra oss
mijjieh	Pron	vi
mijjine	Pron	med oss
min  	Pron	vi to
monnem	Pron	oss to
monnen	Pron	vår
monnese	Pron	til oss to
monnesne	Pron	i oss to
monneste	Pron	fra oss to
monnine	Pron	med oss to
mov	Pron	min
munnjien	Pron	til meg
mån	Pron	mån
månnoeh	Pron	vi to
satne	Pron	han
satnem	Pron	ham
satnesne	Pron	i ham
satneste	Pron	fra ham
satnine	Pron	med ham
sih	Pron	de
sin	Pron	de to
sov	Pron	hans
sutnjien	Pron	til ham
sån	Pron	han
